Five sets men's singles final, 15-15 off. That's quite a nasty slip for Novak Djokovic after the serve, pushing off 15-30. Certainly don't want too much of this. The ball arrives back quickly. It's the edge of the left shoe that gives 15-30 already. It's a much underrated serve Djokovic has; it's accurate. It'll be interesting today with Fergus Murphy in the chair if the shot clock runs down to zero, whether Fergus Murphy delivers a warning. It's tight, 3-14. I can count on the fingers of one hand how many backhands down the line from that position he'll miss over the course of a match. Djokovic, man. One of the features of the semifinal for Novak Djokovic against Janiko was the amount of sliding that he was doing. In fact, both of them were. First throw, let's first that. A Djokovic no tournament for Novak Djokovic in preparation for this Wimbledon. He just likes to come here and win it. Alcaraz, of course, winner at Queen's Club from break point down. Ch on running, and his opponent today was born Carlos Alcaraz. Love-15. But you may have to be love-30 careful, Tim, if you get Novak into those corners of the court. That's one area where he excels. Yeah, I mean, it was a good forehand from Alcaraz, and that's the response from Djokovic on the run, so balanced, so powerful. Djokovic with a half chance. Let first, just a gust of wind as Djokovic went to return that ball. It stopped in the air. There was a fine adjustment from Djokovic. Kept the return deep and long, and it's an error as this young Spaniard pushes hard in the first game. Certainly not as windy as yesterday. Three break points. Let's first. He was 20, Goran Ivanisevic, when he was in his first final in 1992. Ferrero looking after Alcaraz on the tennis court. French Open champion, former world number one. Some decent players these coaches. Well, the forehand's going to be key for Alcaraz this afternoon because he's one of the few players in the world that can hit with enough power off that wing to get it past Djokovic on the baseline. And that is away. What a return of serve would set up that forehand midcourt. And having saved a break point, where do you tactically make a decision to attack Djokovic in a final like today? That's the hardest part because there are no weaknesses. It's very difficult to come up with that game plan. You know, is it to try and hit big up the middle to give Djokovic no angles and then try and go to the corners? Is hoping he has a bad day a tactic? It's windy out there, just things blowing off the umpire's chair. 15. Rachel Weiss on the left-hand side, Daniel Craig on the right, Brad Pitt's in the house as well. Up 15 off. Conditions making ball striking hard for both early on. But that was an extraordinary amount of time there between the first and second serve. There is no shot serve clock once the first serve has been missed, but he is taking longer than normal. If that goes to zero, Mr. Murphy will be in there. They hit the ball so hard. If you're just turning on, this is not a computer game. They're actually real. The standard of the ball striking, the speed, yeah, in these conditions as well as Todd mentioned, it is very swirly out there. Breeze certainly, majority of the time coming from Djokovic's back. Is that in? No, it's called out. Novak is waving his finger. No, no, no. Left, be, be, was CAU out. Ah, it's definitely worth a check. It's right in front of the commentary position here. And when he left it, it was like, okay, fine, it's going out. But was it out? Okay. Carlos Alcaraz has two challenges remaining and he's got out of trouble on both his opening two service games and he broke in the mid. How does he look like that, that guy Brad Pitt? 59 years old, senior figure in the American entertainment industry. This is in entertainment, and this is a great show. The stage, Center Court, the final of the Championships, Wimbledon. That's a wonderful return of serve. While the wind is swirling, it appears that Djokovic in front of the Royal Box is returning into whatever breeze there is. George and Charlotte just been given no opportunity to settle. This won't help either, just a slip there. It's the overextension of the knee. Is the danger there, isn't it? Extension from his opponent making him work hard here. Alcaraz, he needs to somehow hold this service. Game, isn't it incredible how Djokovic can neutralize an opponent as soon as they serve? Bang, the ball's back in point four-five of a second. And that's how it feels to play. No, 30-40. That good challenging the call right service line. All once called in. It's a break point saved. Djokovic has two challenges remaining. Hey, hey, line ball, crosscourt forehand, Djokovic half-fied by Alcaraz. He was thinking about challenging that probably but was blinded by the chalk that came up off the ball. That was relentless from Serbian. No time to settle, no cheap points for Alcaraz. Well, it's a horror start for Alcaraz. Djokovic in that first game escaped the break point and he's getting a Ming here. And it's embarrassing for you. Look at that. You can see Alcaraz, the world number one, Djokovic too, but he'll feel, you know, just nothing's going his way. There's no doubt it's uncomfortable, but you know, it's best of five sets. They played in Paris. Alcaraz lost the first set that day, was able to respond. He's got to just take his time, make this set last as long as possible. What's fascinating, though, is that when we talk about what does Alcaraz bring tactically, if you look up the other end, Novak in the four biggest matches of the year so far has taken the weapon away from his opponent. And he's doing that already today by going hard into the forehand of Alcaraz and getting him to make mistakes quickly. And there's another example of that. So he has gone in to say, "I'm going to take your weapon away." And by doing that, then where does the opponent go? Generally, there is the issue of the mental game comes into it, and belief starts to dissipate. 1991 champ Michael Stich on the right, big Becker with that forehand return. You may remember. It's only the fifth game in. You almost sense from the crowd's reaction they're having to get behind Alcaraz. The underdog really is up against it. Well, these next few minutes are just a time for Alcaraz to just acclimatize to this rarified air and try a few things, settle in, just take it easy. Now, this set, 99% is gone. So hopefully relax. Djokovic leads five games to love. First set, this set is over, but I still think this is an important service game for Al. He needs to just get his side of the scoreboard going in this first set, get a game on the board, and then it will potentially give him the opportunity to serve first in the second set. 28 minutes played in this first set. It's not a classic so far. Love five. That'll do. Poor Tunisian player on shore, so popular around the world, really had a hard time against Vondrousova, the Czech Republic, who would end up winning their women's singles final yesterday. Nobody expecting such a contest today. Felt very sorry for Ronj. Well, of course, we played both semis with the roof closed on Friday, and you almost feel that Carlos would have been better off if the roof was closed. Out there is a potential chance at some point of a light shower, which may make that happen. I think then his ball striking will be far more effective than what it currently is. Novak is, I think, the best difficult weather player in conditions of anyone that's ever played the game. The way he adjusts, the way he moves really looks like he gets a bad bounce. He's always able to be in a better position than most of his opponents. I can't believe it. Novak Djokovic's court speed there. I know the Spaniard won the point, but if you have to play points like Alcaraz has just played to win a game or a point, he's just gone line, line. Djokovic sending messages, isn't he? He's not going to give up on anything. Why, that's the way he finished it. Come on, game point. That's some proper tennis. He's on the board. He's got a game.

And it's taken over half an hour for the world number one to get his side of the scoreboard ticking. The approach was great, the return was extraordinary, the approach was excellent, and the passing shot was magnificent. Just a quick message for Alcaraz to his coaching box, but also a message: please do not shout out during the rally. Thanks. Now going with the big second serve, 30-love, which is interesting because he often will roll the ball in. But against Alcaraz, he knows he can't give him a chance to tee up on the return, so he's taking that weapon away from him. Also here in this opening set, 40-love, game and first set, Djokovic 6 games to 1. New balls. 15-love. It's an uncomfortable start for Alcaraz, obviously losing that first set 6-1, but I think this is where he's really got to show the body language to Djokovic, to the crowd, that he's ready to turn the tables.

There's been a vast increase in the amount of drop shots being played on tour. People see how effective it can be. Nobody does it better on the forehand side than Alcaraz, and he's lost that point. See how quick Djokovic was after that great pick up there from Alcaraz. I was thinking to myself before that point we've just seen, when you get that forehand, you're having a difficult time. Trust your strength, go for it again. He hit such a good approach shot and then had to make such a difficult pickup. 40-15. Good start, one love for first game, second set. Todd, what are we seeing on the numbers?

Well, we're seeing when Alcaraz goes into attacking tennis, the defense of Djokovic is extraordinary. Just have a look at this. The conversion score when they are attacking Alcaraz is 50%, but look at Djokovic. He's gone hard into the forehand. When he's getting that, he's getting control of the point and he's not relinquishing anything. That number for Alcaraz was in the 40s just a moment ago and it's way down from what he's been throughout the tournament in reaching this final. Even more impressive considering the blustery conditions. It's a big double fault. 15, first one of the match after 40 minutes or so. First point of a game is not a good time to double fault. Jack security. Jack, he's not watching the tennis. Martial artist. That's where he says his concentration comes from. That's too long and here's an opportunity for Alcaraz to get involved in this. You always have to remember that even the greatest of players come off their level ever so slightly. And after such a clean set of just two unforced errors from Djokovic, this is that moment. And so you have to take advantage of it if you're the young Spaniard. Djokovic just looking up at his box a little bit. It's his turn to be slightly distracted.

Oh, that's well. It wasn't lucky. That's one of the shots of the year, really. He clips the tape, but he meant it. 15-30. Time's getting close again. Three-two and off we go again. That is outrageous defense. And he got so many occasions you would say, "Well, that was luck." But Djokovic does it so often. I mean, such a big forehand, gets the racket out, manages to get the ball back onto the baseline, and then drives the backhand down the line, turning defense into attack, just as Todd was saying. Amazing. Still 30-all and under pressure. Disappointed with that. 47-94 mph into the hitting zone on the forehand at 30-all. Can't give away those cheap points, not against this man. Sorry, sorry, guys, up as he dispatches that overhead. Sports psychologists will tell you that when you're coming off your level, like I just spoke about, you need to take as much time as you can in between points to be able to neutralize, till you can get your momentum back again. Djokovic taking an extraordinary long time in between first and second serves. Also, he's averaging 12 to 15 seconds from here to hit the second serve. It's almost like we need a shot clock on this part of the game, serve clock. It's very deliberate from him. He knows what he's doing here. And that's wide. He's unable to make it. The net cord that he benefited from early in this game at love-30 and now he applauds the crowd in a sarcastic way. Why are you applauding this guy? He got lucky. I should never have missed that. He's mildly offended by the support his opponent is getting. He likes it when people are against him. Sometimes he uses it. See, he's given a dodgy ball toss and then baulked again when the time has got to zero and not got the penalty. So he's on thin ice here. So where's the consistency from the umpires? You know, he's gaining an advantage by doing this in a way. If he'd have thrown the ball up and then not hit it, that's absolutely fine. But the fact that he didn't actually go through the motion, you'd say 25 seconds was up. He's already done the ball toss up one and caught it, yeah, in this game. So the letter of the law, he's allowed to do that. But if he doesn't throw the ball up, you would say that 25 seconds is up. It should be a time violation. Crow against him, the nets against him. Can Al take advantage? 48 minutes into this Wimbledon men's singles final, Alcaraz probably feels he's a part of it for the first time. 2-love, Alcaraz leads, two games to love, second set. And it will be interesting to watch how Djokovic, the four-time defending champion, seven-time champion in all, how he reacts to the crowd's support of his younger opponent. They support his opponents because he rarely loses. Love-15, massive occasion for him. The King of Spain is here, for goodness' sake. Last time King Felipe was here, he was Prince Felipe, and he was watching Rafael Nadal. He returns as the King. No, there was a contortion from Djokovic here on this forehand side. The great poise there to make that shot. Yeah, I've never seen a shot hit with those physical angles before on the forehand side. Djokovic, unbelievable there. Brilliant, brilliant. You're right, Andrew. He does feel a part of it now, and his ball striking and his own movement, this Alcaraz, is actually lifting. He's got the adrenaline going, the nerves are gone, and now he's playing some of the best tennis he's played in the tournament. Oh, that is some good fortune acknowledged. Quick nod from Alcaraz. I think he had that volley. It was a well-struck passing shot over the low part of the net. It had power. Thanks. Corner than you interested spectator. The last man to beat Djokovic on Centre 10 years ago, the final, talking with Neil Skupski, who won the doubles with the Netherlands' Wesley Koolhof yesterday. Couldn't find a restaurant to eat in Wimbledon. Neil and family, sub-scy, just W Wimbledon. Can I get a table? He went after that, didn't he? 105 mph forehand, one of the hardest he's hit throughout the tournament. Only two men have hit it, in fact, over 100 miles per hour off that wing. See the other advantage of the drop shot hasn't been effective at all thus far in this match. Just put pressure back on him is all that it has done. Point to get back on serve. A little bit more safety in mind from Alcaraz. A huge roar over in Wimbledon Park, and after a 90-second rest, here come the players once again. No event complete without a selfie. So just when you thought Alcaraz might get himself ahead enough to make it one set all, Djokovic is back. Oh no. I think it today is really hard to play that drop shot because it's so breezy. It actually, as you decelerate into a ball to give it some softness, you actually really need to commit in windy conditions, and the racket has to get through the hit fast. And when you take the pace off like that, you lose control of the ball quicker than normal. He won't like being beaten by a drop shot. Yeah, with that being said, Todd, you think you should be playing the percentage, which is, you know, driving the ball in the wind, not trying to play those touch and feel shots. You could have made that. Should have made that. 153. It's a great play to drive the second.

Serve return and move forward. Here it is, recognizes what a good return. He's in position, didn't need to be that cute. 30. All two future kings, that's first. He's not getting a lot of first serves in this set. Djokovic only six out of 15 attempts. This wasn't a serious slip, that's more drama. Really upset with himself. Oh, I tell you what, what a beautiful point of tennis in the wind. In a final, gruesome, that's exactly what he wants. What about some love for me? It's 29 nasty shots, lots of footwork, heart rate up. That's the way Djokovic loves to save break points. Him against 15,000, loves this. He'd hate it if we all started cheering for him. Fascinating matchup, one versus two in the world. Well, he took him set high that point quickly after the tough rally. Advantage Djokovic, he wanted a short one there, Alcaraz. Yes, Djokovic did well to hit the ball on the serve there. Big gust of wind just took the ball away. Difficult day for good-looking tennis. That's a great game, big got handed to him. 29-shot rally on a break point down, not even close to missing. Two games all, second set. Maybe that's why he's won 23 Grand Slams and a few other things besides. A winning record against the other two great protagonists in his generation, Federer and Nadal. There it is, Djokovic going hard into Alcaraz's forehand and draws the error. Once again, I also feel I don't think Carlos has used his slice backhand effectively enough today. It's a very good shot. He can hit it firm, short, and hard. He absolutely unraveled Medvedev in the semi-finals with that. If he could get that to Djokovic, get Djokovic to come back with the slice, then he can start to get more forehand on his own terms. He almost got a couple of those in that 29-point rally. Yes, couple of slices, a forehand, and a backhand, and he can get it into his left-hand corner and hit the forehand off and pull it through the line. That's his best shot, but Novak is so clever at putting him out wide so that he doesn't get to the part of the court he likes. 35-35. Well, that's just ridiculous, isn't it? He's only played 71 slams. That's if he gets to the final of the US Open. He gets to the final of more than half of the slams that he plays. It's madness. Four major championships each year, 15 Grand Slams: Australia, France, Wimbledon, and the US Open in New York at the end of the summer. This year, Djokovic has won a 10th Australian Open and a third French, and he remains the player to beat when the chips are down, the big stages. It doesn't get bigger than Center Court against the world number one. We saw a couple of slice backhands there, but looking at this in previous rounds, he's had that mix between topspin and slice. 57-43 today, hitting over the ball basically all the time. Hasn't used a shot that's been effective for him in the tournament. Tim, yeah, and I think that's an effective shot against Djokovic to try and keep the ball low, get it out of his hit zone. Advantage Al, an underrated volley. It's a brilliant volley acknowledged from Djokovic. Oh, juice. Advantage Alcaraz. It's a better match in the second set, isn't it? Alcaraz had a break, lost it, held. There we see whether Novak can pick up. He's serving from this bit of trouble with the ball toss, with the breeze pushing that ball forward. He's had to chase it a bit. See whether he can make an adjustment. Brilliant play from Alcaraz, working Djokovic side to side. Couldn't break him down, so had to resort to the drop shot, set up the backhand pass, just rolled it crosscourt. Certainly finding his feet now, looking to dictate these rallies from the back of the court. Oh, the tennis doesn't get played any better than the last two points, and this is the level it has to be against Djokovic. I mean, such a pure strike down the line. Looked a little bit like a deer in the headlights in the first set, but now Alcaraz finding his feet, bringing that belief to his player box. There's a bit of an issue with the ball toss from this end. After two such good points to set up love 30, can't afford again to miss that second serve return. Might get away with it against other players, but less so against Djokovic. Oh, and another, that time a much slower second serve which actually caught Alcaraz off guard a little bit. Didn't come to him. He had already started the stroke, the ball wasn't there. Three games all already, 42 minutes in this captivating set. Spaniard has to win this. Lost to Sitsipas in five tough sets in the second round this year. Andy Murray considered his future, went on a family holiday with the children, and he's playing on. 15-love. His dad, like the backhand volley, very nice technique. Dad's backhand volley looked quite good there in the player's box. He does have this complete game though for someone so young. It's up, and so are many in the crowd, a standing ovation for the effort from both players. This was a very fine adjustment from Djokovic to play anything effective there. And this was, I mean, it was point over for anybody else. That is a big effort for 15-love down. Every point matters to this man. Just a slight hit on the return from Djokovic, just a ball that didn't have much on it. And that's what will do. That's what he's not been able to do throughout the course of this match because he has been playing shots from where he does not want them to be played from. God, this is a high standard tennis match. It really is. Yeah, Al polished up with an ace out wide. 43. You see the clock's already running down here on the serve for the first point for Novak. Well, let's keep an eye on it because there's no way he's going to be serving in 12 seconds' time, is there? Oh no, the clock has stopped. Why did that clock stop? Because Fergus doesn't want to give him a time violation. That's what we thought we'd seen before. Now, does it matter? I don't know, but it's an observation and should be made. I think it does matter because when you are out there and you've got a run of play momentum on your side, Novak's very good at trying to halt your momentum. So keep an eye if he gets down in a game or he's down love 30, he takes a lot longer. And if the clock is being slightly stopped or not being officiated to the degree we would expect, then it's an advantage to Novak. Correction first, okay. No complaints from anybody there. Gold bear jumper since 2001. 15-all. The 25-second shot clock starts after the score is called. It's supposed to be 25 seconds between points, and there's at least six, seven, eight seconds more often than that. Something has to get looked at. 30-15. Advantage Djokovic. Four games all, second set. Anybody got that language? I would have thought he would be quite happy about that game because Alcaraz came off his level there, didn't he? Couple of cheap points from him. Djokovic is the one up a set. Pressure back on Alcaraz. The frustration is certainly more down the Spanish end, feeling that Djokovic is trying to get himself fired up by talking to his camp to feel connected to them. This is a dangerous game for this 20-year-old, only turned 20 in May. 5-all. Djokovic forehand just clipping the tape here, just gave Alcaraz that little bit of extra time. Size up the forehand, rips it crosscourt. Well, that was replay the point. Okay, and now, okay, we'll replay the point. Challenging the right near sideline. Ball was called in. Djokovic just checking, did you overrule that? Yes, he did. Was he right to overrule it? Yes. Temptation is for the umpire to stay out of it because there's a Hawkeye system, but if it's right underneath the umpire's chair, he can see it. 30-15. Oh, well down, Djokovic, and he's slid through on his backside there, and the racket's gone flying. You can just leave the racket there, I'll get it. It's okay. I think been nasty with the knees this one. 40-15. Again, line ball on the serve. 5-4, new balls please. Alcaraz leads five games to four, second set. First set, Djokovic. Thank you, your voices please. That's what I mean, the ball just.

Comes through a little differently on the return. Patron of the club, Princess of Wales, hitting a few balls with Roger Federer as you do before the tournament. First time she played on grass. Is she any good? Very. The arm has come out, the line judge, and that pass was there. I must say this was tremendous from Djokovic. There's not many in the draw, and the forehand pass from Alcaraz to set that up was exceptional. Look at this lunge. Oh, but this is a shot that Alcaraz will make nine out of ten. It would have been love 30, but it's 50 all. Then it forces 35. That type of error, yes, he was at stretch, but he could have got that ball back into court and gone for some safety instead goes for a very low percentage. Called out. Novak Djokovic challenging the call. Right baseline ball was called out. Novak Djokovic challenging the call. Left service line ball was called out. Wasn't the cleanest strike and sometimes these just dip at the last second. Over replay the point. One extra centimeter long. If he hit it one centimeter cleaner, he could have been down a break point, which would have been a set point. This is a match of tiny margins. I haven't seen Alcaraz like this in a long time, especially not all 11 matches he's played on the grass. This is not going as well as he wanted to. It's fascinating because Alcaraz is feeling as if he has to go big, but in this game, he's been given three unforced errors from Djokovic. He may just keep working the ball around a little bit more, test the champion here as he's serving to stay in the set. Don't feel you have to be the complete aggressor just at this moment. No, absolutely the wrong shot. Would we have called him a genius if it had come off in the middle of the rally? He's pressured into doing something he doesn't really want to do. You wonder whether this is a classic example of playing your opponent, not the ball. He has established himself in the rally, could have just waited to ask the question, but went for the drop shot. The speed of foot. Yeah, we can see you, and you're brilliant. Honestly, it's incredible. Alcaraz played the drop shot, Djokovic was sprinting after it. Absolute Greyhound. Five games all. Oh, he second set. No chance of winning that point. Oh, yeah, that his number one fan over there. Jack's got his eye on her. Big Jack on security. Djokovic on patrol for a break here. Ball almost hit Jack there, didn't even notice. Yeah, look at this personality that Djokovic has. And this is also the beauty of the scoring system. You know, the pressure was all on Djokovic at 45, serving to stay in the second set. Plays that strong game. The pressure then just goes straight up the other end. Unforced error, love 15. So many champions with us today. They've all been through this, both sides of the net. The differing emotions are reaching some sort of a crescendo, isn't it? Absolutely. I mean, that's how good that's how hard Alcaraz is having to work to win these points. Still, Djokovic had a play on that running forehand. Neither player thinking about the world number one ranking. They're just trying to beat the other guy. Good change up on the serve. He hasn't used the body serve nearly enough here this afternoon. Fastest one of the day, 132 into the right hip. Even Djokovic couldn't get out of the way of that one. Then in Alcaraz, yeah, the first set was no contest. This certainly is a contest in the second set. Pressure back on Djokovic. And how? 15. How clever is Djokovic here? Just he plays his drop shot, but he's watching the racket face of Carlos. He knows he's got that face closed and he can't hit the little chip, which was the only way he was going to make it crosscourt. So he knows that the shot's sitting on the line. He leaves a little there and then covers it. Djokovic challenging the call. Left service line ball was called out. Crazy record. He's won 14 tiebreaks in a row in the slams this year. Set point for a two-set lead, Djokovic. Oh, 60 as they change hands. That previous point, how calm under pressure with the passing shots was Djokovic. And you almost get a massive surprise when he misses a relatively basic ball like that to bring it back to six all. But there is enormous pressure here. Can't take anything for granted on any shot. Up, listen to that. 65. That's not exactly a crowd that doesn't love the champion. That is two tough points. Set point the other way. And that's it. Seven games to six. Cat of Spain never come back from two sets down, and he's managed to do what so few have done lately, winning a breaker against Djokovic. Love 15. And after a natural high in a match like a tremendous tiebreaker, people go out, they go to the loo, they put the kettle on, and whatever people are doing, the players have had to come straight out and concentrate. That was a missed opportunity to take a 30-love lead this opening service game for Djokovic. That's first off. I don't know much. Now that could do with the bounce there. The court has.

This year has worn well, but the area where players often land on their serve gets beaten up the most on the surface. Alcaraz, at 30-14, has a heavy kicking serve at 91 mph with a lot of work on it. In a recent French Open match, Alcaraz started to cramp and lost physically. He used a slice backhand to set up his big forehand and control the point, showing clarity of thought and utilizing his skill set.

Alcaraz seems to be playing with freedom and momentum now, especially after winning the second set. Djokovic is being pushed around more than in the opening set and a half. Alcaraz's changes and focus on getting back into the game are crucial. Djokovic needs to fight back against Alcaraz's powerful play.

In the last 15 minutes, Djokovic has struggled with generating pace and dealing with Alcaraz's aggressive shots. Djokovic looks a bit fragile mentally and hasn't had things go his way recently. Alcaraz leads two games to love in the third set, with Djokovic missing key opportunities.

Alcaraz is challenging Djokovic with varied speeds and deliberate shots, causing errors from Djokovic. Djokovic is facing break point opportunities due to groundstroke errors and the challenging conditions. Alcaraz leads three games to one in the third set, with Djokovic feeling the pressure to press a little more.

Djokovic is struggling with his groundstrokes, committing unforced errors, and feeling the need to press. Alcaraz is taking advantage of Djokovic's unexpected errors and aiming for a double break. Djokovic expresses frustration over the timing of getting the towel, showing his state of mind and distraction.

Alcaraz is trying to capitalize on Djokovic's vulnerabilities, with Djokovic's coach looking concerned. Alcaraz is holding back on his forehand, aiming to maintain his advantage over Djokovic.

Opportunity there, electing to roll one in by his standard. Yeah, he had the ball to rip and didn't. This is a taxing game, isn't it? A draining game, a must-win one for the defending champion. Vantage Djokovic. Djokovic turned to work hard to win those points. Alcaraz refusing to give up, and it goes on. Advantage Alcaraz. The longest game of the Championships in terms of points played for Novak Djokovic, 18 points in one game versus Rublev. But remember, this is for a double break, this point for Alcaraz. You could say virtual set points. No, it goes on.

Advantage Djokovic. Some tired children in that box. They might have to call a medical timeout, ice cream timeout, something. Decibels are rising with the grunting. Djokovic is... they've got a lot invested in this game, both these players, and nobody will know the emotions of each player better than their partners, wife. Wait, please. Boy, thanks, sir. Can you throw that ball back? Thanks. Thank you. Anywhere. Yeah, before you stick it in your bag. Thank you. Thank you. He's been so hard. There, he's now blushing. Yeah, I'll send Jack over there if he's not careful. Advantage Alcaraz. Wasn't the best of volleys. It was a difficult sort of ball floating. He didn't commit totally, gave Alcaraz the chance for that running pass. This is point number 25, worrying a little bit for Djokovic fans because when he starts to tire a little bit, he starts to lose balance, just flop a bit. Yeah, and that's starting to happen, pushed out wide the forehand a couple of points ago. He looked like he needed a walking stick at the end of it. It's just starting to get challenging for him. He's got to find a way to hang on to this serve. Finding the strength on the break points down, there is a lot invested. This is a contest within a contest. That's 26 points. They both are committed. It's just one break of serve at the moment. If Djokovic can hold on, he's inflicted a body blow on Alcaraz. If Alcaraz wins the game, he's virtually won the set. That's 2 hours and 47 minutes of tension. If you get to 15 games, you just 7 points. Look at this young man. He's just getting warmed up. He's 20. Unbelievable game.

Help, Djokovic challenging the call left far sideline. Well, if he's wrong, the game is gone. Called in. You wonder whether Djokovic's body was just in front of the line judge. No doubt all over you. Alcaraz manages to raise a smile. This is a glorious game. Juice. Novak Djokovic challenging the call right center service line. Ball was called out. Carlos has wandered over to the back end side. He's given the indication it was in, but now he's going to go back. Nice bluff. Nice bluff. Not his first rodeo, is it? Advantage Djokovic. Djokovic has two challenges remaining. Up. Well, there was such a variety of spin to get to this point where he had the clean driving flat passing shot. But he heavy high top spin ball, then that slice one that dipped hard. Such variety coming from the end of Alcaraz. It's just creating some magnificent tennis. Advantage Alcaraz. And that's it. It's two breaks of serve, 32 points in that one game alone. 15-love, 30-love, Manolo Santana 1966. Nadal, possibly the greatest match of all time. Please, no noise during the server's motion. Thanks. You almost feel that Novak, 4-love, maybe has to let this set go and refocus. I mean, the physicality of that last game alone would have taken a lot out of him. Not usually something you would see him do, though. 4-15. No question, he's a little rattled. But if Alcaraz takes this third set, you can certainly expect the response early in the fourth from Djokovic.

Carlos Alcaraz challenging the call right far sideline. Ball was called out. Second set. Alcaraz leads five games to one, third set. Carlos Alcaraz has one challenge remaining. That was 24 minutes less long than the previous game. It's 5-1, but the set's taken 58 minutes. It doesn't happen often. Yeah, all mixed doubles partners together then silver at London 2012. Love 30. It does look like he's let this set get away. And L-14, three quick points beginning of the third or, sorry, fourth set. It's going to be fascinating. You still wouldn't want to give your serve away, would you, at this point? 14-May. Carlos serve it out, then you can at least be leading in that fourth set. If you hold your serve and you can build pressure that way. There might be a bathroom break after this game. It will be for me, great good set. Al still could be quite a wait. Love 15. Love. Set the white may have hurt Alcaraz. 15-30. That's first St. 30-all. All 4. 30-game straight sets just do him in straight sets. That's what Sandy would do. Oh, this is superb running outside an extension of the tramlines on both sides. 15. Well, this is a point where Novak's getting the feeling about what it's like to play against himself exactly that. It's a taste of his own meds, and Alcaraz was doing so well to keep in the point, keep the ball deep.

Oh, Djokovic challenging the call right baseline. Ball was... you wonder whether Fergus Murphy saw that because then Alcaraz missed the backhand. Love 30. It's good umpiring. It's good umpiring, but it's all going wrong for Djokovic right now. Let first. 15-30. Novak Djokovic has two challenges remaining. He got an early strike on the backhand return, got Djokovic on the defensive, and down he goes. Oh, the backhand is still there, the forehand being the shot that hasn't worked as efficiently or effectively for Novak in sets 2 and 3. Still a break point. Deuce. Advantage Djokovic. And go, it. That's a big hold, massive hold. Well, he found a little on the forehand, but one game all. Got a graphic to show you here in a moment to show you how much his forehand hasn't been effective today. And here it is. So off the quality forehand, this is throughout the tournament, speed, spin, depth, and width of his forehand. We can tell how the quality of shot is and so previous rounds up at 8.2 today at 6.6. That is a big difference for the champion. 15-all, the black one of yours, Tim. Alcaraz at his finest, big first serve, ripping forehand into the backhand corner of Djokovic, and then just knocking off the backhand volley. This is what I love about him. There's no hesitation for a young player about coming forward. 45. Boom. 43. CT coverage again from Alcaraz. Reflect on the cramping in Paris after a couple of hours here, 3 hours 19, and he's still covering the court like he's just started. Deuce. Oh yes, Djokovic is knocking on the door. He's doing his best to find a way past. He's having a go at his camp. This is really the match within a match, isn't it? This phase a little too big and a bit too low. Djokovic has saved break points already in his opening service game in this set, looking for his breakthrough. Advantage Alcaraz. Is that going out until it hit the net? Deuce. Here it is down the line. Don't know, probably going to find the line but found the net cord. So, Djokovic has there ever been a player come along who with inner rally can just up the ante, strike that's a neutral ball like Alcaraz can. Yeah, phenomenal power on that forehand. I don't think I've seen that. And I wonder how much more Djokovic wanted in that game. 15-love. That love. Let's first. Whoa. There was nothing wrong with the overhead. Ready. 15. One big stride in a swing of the racket from Alcaraz. Incredible forehand crosscourt winner. 30-all. This is only his 10th Grand Slam. While the US Open last year, the youngest world number one. Carlos Alcaraz challenging the call right far sideline. Ball was called in. Asking his team if they thought it was good. It wasn't. Second set. Where does he go with this second serve that is creating an angle out of nothing? The return was good, deep. 40-30. 30-all, 2-1 down in sets, 2-1 down in games. You think it's going to be easy to dispose of Djokovic here. Nobody's done it in 10 years and 9 days on this court. Well, there's that slice backhand we talked about earlier. It wasn't there, and then he.

He brings Djokovic forward onto his best shot, that ripping crosscourt forehand. Advantage Djokovic, just trying to be a little bit too cute. Maybe he should have hit and ripped a drive on the backhand instead of rolling it crosscourt again. That was a very positive game from Djokovic, two games all for a stand extended to deuce. Though once again, still struggling to hold, but some really good backhand throughout that game. "No time to be afraid," says Carlos after his semifinal victory. No time for either player. 15-love. He's definitely decided to get more aggressive, Djokovic here. He's flattening out the ball a little more, going safe a lot of the time with the hard flat backhand crosscourt. So even though he's aggressive, he's playing percentage as well. He does that 30-15. Where's the leg strength, the foundation from which all of these shots come? 30-all. Has made a lot harder buies than that today. Should have been 40-15 and puts himself under a little bit of pressure at 30-all. Could have left it, it was going out. That is out, 40-30. That's a surprise, Novak Djokovic challenging the call. Almost feels obliged, right? Baseline to challenge. Ball was called out. A backhand down the line, a fairly routine shot for him, especially on a break point that he's just lifted up. Well done. That's against the rules for him. Novak Djokovic has one challenge remaining. Brilliant return, advantage. He went big with that second serve and he didn't recover in time, drilled through the center. Another break point for Djokovic. That's long. It certainly will be a challenge, but to the naked eye, left baseline ball was out. I mean, well, no, is no. Might be doing the bluff. Well, overturn, replay the point. Did look long. If it was clear, he would have been on his way to the chair. Advantage Djokovic, break point Djokovic. Still beaten for disguise on direction and power. That is a very tidy way to save a break point, the big wind-up and a simple lifted drop shot, elegant advantage Djokovic. It's such a long time since he's been able to get him running hard to that forehand. She's the greatest barometer of where Djokovic is. If she's up on her feet and she's just into the match, you know it's a big moment. No, it's a break. Honestly, and a long final. 15-love. Yes, 15 here, the forehand that he starts to take some angle to. You see, beats him with pace. He can almost take that a little shorter and drag Novak wider off that forehand as well. He's got the ability to do it, hasn't used it a lot. Fitness, physios, family, trainers, doctors. Djokovic handling the backhand crosscourt. Some were looking for the drop shot there. 40-15, the champion consolidating or trying to, this one break trying to push into a fifth set. 4-2, Djokovic leads four games to two. He's looked vulnerable for quite some time, Djokovic, but now starting to turn the tables in this fourth set. 15-love. Oh, and that is a wide split in a green, moist area of the court. He says he's okay, glad he's 20 and not 40 as he just pushes away. That's an uncomfortable moment, the worn patches on the court so much easier to stand on. That's fine, but you can really see where Novak is trying to be more aggressive, coming forwards, had a lot of smashes, overheads. I think he feels he has to try to shorten the points a little bit, make it try to get rid of those longer extended rallies. Oh, 40-15, game. New balls, please, as we head to early evening, just click over to 6:00 p.m. That wind that was quite an effect early in the first couple of sets has dropped just a little. I think that is helping Novak here in the fourth. He's getting a better strike quality on the ball. Again, a dictating point from Novak, the aggressor coming forward. 40-love. Then Djokovic leads five games to two, fourth set. 15-love. Future with drop plays like that, called wide. Well, yes, called wide. Carlos Alcaraz challenging the call, left far sideline. Ball was called out. I think it was Fergus Murphy who called it from the chair, and then the arm came out from the line judge. Love 30. Well, Djokovic, it goes without saying, would like to take this set now and open the fifth set on his own deal. 15-40. Carlos Alcaraz has two challenges remaining. Game and fourth, the final match in the men's singles championship of Wimbledon this year will go to a deciding fifth set, new territory for both players. 15-love. The beauty that. Love, let first off. It's a dismissive swipe. Both 4 hours played and both players moving well. So, all back in the game, Alcaraz at 30. No hesitation on that one as soon as he knew he had Djokovic at full stretch. Djokovic taking the opportunity to move forward, not the worst approach he's ever hit. Look at that passing shot from Alcaraz. Only 117 mph but beautifully placed, advantage Djokovic. Are you kidding? Such a good point and such a good reaction from Alcaraz. How is this forehand? Just curls it around the corner, holds it and whips around the outside over the high part of the knee. It was so low, such a difficult shot, spin from low in the court that takes great racket head speed to create. This is class serving though and early pressure in this with the fifth set. And saving a break point and coming through in the first game of the fifth set, just as in the first game of the fourth. Well, we talked about the forehand at the beginning of the fourth not being as effective throughout this match as it has been in the tournament in sets one to three. Djokovic's average rally point was here on those red dots to find a way to get back in without his forehand today. Have a look at what he did in set four. He got inside the baseline to take time away from Alcaraz, and that was a key to getting back into this match. Carlos Alcaraz challenging the call, left baseline. Ball was called out. Seen so many swings in momentum in this match, and it was Djokovic dominating that first set, Alcaraz doing well to get back in the second, on top in the third, and chances early in the fourth. But right now, you feel Djokovic is looking to take advantage. Strong opening service game, love 15. Here, 15 all. Carlos Alcaraz has two challenges remaining. A 15 setting. He's five victories and one loss in five sets at Grand Slam finals. It's a long run at any stage of the match, let alone second game of the fifth after 4 hours and 8 minutes. But he wouldn't make that effort unless he felt like it was worth it, and as he's on complete automatic pilot. Absolutely, and sends a message that Djokovic is going to continue to chase it down. Such a deep return that I think Alcaraz was hoping for an out call, wondering whether he should challenge. 30-40. Does the match turn here? Oh, he had to play it, was it going in? It was going to land in, he had to play the ball. It was tough. Listen to this battle joined in the fifth set at this men's singles final, break points saved by the young man. Superb, the presence of mind. Advantage Alcaraz. That's a thing of beauty, isn't it? Djokovic absolutely left flat-footed, and he's one of the quickest to say, a man who reads the game so beautifully, didn't see that coming. The levels are just incredible, defensive skills of both men, how quickly they can turn defense into offense. Like that point there from Alcaraz, the athletic ability of a couple of points to go, and then the explosive power on the forehand side. Aren't they going to be getting tired? Too much on the line now for that love side to side. It'll be the kitchen sink next. That was huge there. Had to act quickly. You only get one point for each of these points they're giving at. All 15. All 110 lost one five-set matches at.

Wimbledon last loss in 2006, Novak Djokovic challenging the call on the right service line. The call came a long time after Alcaraz made contact with the return. Fortunately, it's out. What's interesting here is that he's using some width on the court to get forward for volleys. Novak wins through depth in this match, while the Spaniard wins by opening the court up and pushing his opponent into the corners.

Who's going to take their chance first in this fifth set? Another break point for Alcaraz. The racket has been melted against the net post. Djokovic needs to regroup. Alcaraz leads three games to one in the final set. Alcaraz was able to run away with the third set and looks to do the same in the fifth.

Expect a little lull here. Alcaraz leads 4-0. Djokovic goes for a big second serve. Alcaraz responds with a whipped forehand. Djokovic's five-set record is impressive. Alcaraz leads 4-2 in the final set.

Alcaraz leads 4-2 in the final set. Djokovic seems to be rushing a little. It's 5-all. Alcaraz's family and team are there to support him. Djokovic challenges the call on the far sideline. Djokovic is down 2-4 in the fifth set.

New balls, please. Djokovic produces a quality kicker on the second serve. Alcaraz is fearless. Djokovic challenges the call on the right baseline. Alcaraz has one challenge remaining. Alcaraz wins the match 7-6, 6-1, 3-6, 6-4. He has beaten the best of all time. He has beaten a man who is virtually invincible on this court.