Love 15. I think the biggest question of the 2024 season was the return game of Ben Shelton. We know how great his serve is; it's certainly an area where, as far as return points are concerned, he was quite low down on the list. That's going to be so important for him this evening. Both players have exceptional numbers behind their serves, but a little bit of trouble here early on. Many great players speak about the nerves in the opening couple of games of any match they play. That's when they're the most susceptible. What do you make of the changes he's made from the platform to the step up?

The step up, I'm unsure of. I never had it myself, so I don't know. Some players are not suited to it, others are, and a lot of coaches like it more. But there have been some great players that haven't stepped up like this. But the end result is that he gets into a great hitting motion. It's consistent, accurate, and big. I have no complaints with it at all. It's probably a serve that doesn't quite have the flair that Shelton does, but his is one of the better serves going around. Then Shelton and Yannex, too, but the left-handed angle really makes Shelton probably a bit more awkward. Early opportunity here, though, for him. Two break points for 3-4.

I think just the nature of Ben's game, Robbie, is different. It's different to Sinner. Sinner will give very few of those easy points away. He's a little more up and down. Ben isn't, he's got so much flair, and he'll hit a lot of winners. But that was a poor giveaway, that one. Sinner, of course, was broken in the eighth game of the second set against Garuna in the fourth round, so it just shows you how difficult it is to get the better of the Italian. It took something special. It wasn't a good start by Sinner; he barely made a first serve. It seemed he was a little tentative in the first game. So you've got to hand it to Ben; he came up with a colossal forehand to break, took his opportunity when it was there early.

If you have a look at the win predictor here, very much in Sinner's favor. Of course, he leads the head-to-head 4 to 1. Ben Shelton to serve, one the last four meetings. Shelton won the very first one in Shanghai on the quick courts there. Just to give you an idea of how well he's been playing the big points on return this week. A season average last year for break points converted was 37%. I can tell you, in the tournament so far, it's up to 44%. That's a huge uptick when a percentage point here or there can make a big difference. We know he's going to serve well; almost a given. Fitzy, that second serve was a beauty into the body. Seeing that American flag there, Fitzy?

Absolutely. He got a forehand there that he should have put away. That's where he's a little bit erratic at times, Ben. Speaking of Americans, delighted to have another great serve, one co-commentator Ryan Harrison, sitting courtside. First of all, a warm welcome and give us an idea of how things are down there. And of course, from an American perspective, huge match this evening, Ryan.

Yeah, great to be with you guys. Listen, courtside, it is great serving conditions that will help Ben Shelton. There's not too much wind; the slight breeze is downwind from where Shelton is serving right now. We've got the lights on; it's still a bit sunny, so it's not too dark overhead. Really good conditions so far. You know his game well, and to me, it seems that if he misses a lot of first serves, Ben Shelton, he'll be put under pressure because Sinner won't have a problem getting most of his second serves back with some depth. Then they have to trade some groundstrokes, and you've got to back the Italian, surely, when they're both back.

That's exactly right, Fitzy. If he's getting a lot of free points on serve, he's dangerous. That's the whole game behind Ben Shelton. He wants to apply pressure on your game. How quickly and swiftly he holds serve. Early on, you're seeing Sinner just a little bit unsettled, a little bit erratic. He is not usually making these groundstroke errors. So just still trying to settle in, and Ben is doing well to capitalize on this early opportunity. Got a quick glimpse there of Ben's Uncle Rick Witkin. This comes from a tennis family. We know his fantastic play of Brian, but Lisa, of course, his M.A. Witkin. We remember Todd, who so sadly passed away, and he carries his uncle's name as his middle name. I think it's awesome. It's certainly a heavyweight pool of tennis talent from both sides of the family. There's Brian on the right there, that's Ben's dad, and of course, I played against Todd Witkin way back. He's a little younger than me, but he was one heck of a player. Yeah, we miss him. His brother Rick, can't miss him on the right there. Lum is a real character. I'd like to see the back end of this game sooner rather than later. Just, of course, his dad had a stellar coaching career. Let's not forget that, initially at Georgia Tech, where Brian won the NCAA championships with the women's team there before winning it with the Florida Gator, the men's team of which Ben was part of that winning team.

I think the left-handed angles so far in this match have thrown Sinner off. He's gone to the forehand and given Ben Shelton a running forehand on a couple of occasions, and it's been a mistake. So against a right-hander, that's the natural angle he would go with here. Maybe better to push that one back down the line deep and make Ben hit the two-hander. That's dangerous if you let him run at that forehand. Game, Shelton. I think that reaction tells us a lot, the importance of cementing that early break. Shelton leads two games to one. One other thing I think that the Ben Shelton foot speed is a bit underappreciated. Court level here when you're watching his first step and the way that he recovers back into the court when it appears that there's open space, that gap closes really quickly. He's certainly a good athlete, isn't he? I mean, it's obvious, big tall young man and quick as well. If he's going to go to that forehand, though, Robbie, he really has to go hard, I think, and get the ball away from Shelton. If he gives him one that he can reach and run at, you're flirting with danger. You want him to pass you off your backhand, his weaker side, as you suggested on that low pickup. Big difference when he gets that first serve into play. He really gave Shelton an opportunity in the opening game too, and probably a little nervy opening game where he allowed him to get involved in the rallies a bit too much.

For Sinner, this was his very first major 12 months ago right here. Bookend of the season, winning the US Open to go with the Australian Open. Game, Sinner. That's a much better hold. Sinner's on the board, but he's down a break early, 2-1 to the American. We know Ben Shelton's got one of the biggest serves in the game, but what I always like to do is dig a little deeper to find out why the Shelton serve might be a little bit better. First of all, we can see he gets great leg drive. The ground reaction force is phenomenal, and look at the serve speed, 232 kilometers per hour. That is ferociously swift. But why is that the case? Well, I think it's so important. You're having a look at the biomechanics of a serve and the leg drive that is measured in meters per second. The average here at the AO is 1.84, and you can see a big step up for Shelton. He is almost 16% more leg drive than everybody else in the field, and that's why his average serve speed is quicker, and his top end is almost untouchable. He's already been broken once today, and if you have a look back at how well Sinner has been serving, he has only been broken a maximum of one time in every match that he's played.

That's how effective he has been behind his serve, and he's going to have to protect it going forward. Now, he can't let Shelton have the luxury of a double break. Shelton is serving at 2-1, love 15. It's a little bit of an enigma, isn't he, his forehand? Because if you let him run at it, it scares you, as he can hit a winner from anywhere. But then he throws in some mishits, a lot of free points from that wing. But it's because his serve is so good, Robbie, and he's hard to break. The forehand becomes more dangerous and scarier if you lose your serve at any stage. That's where Sinner finds himself. And I think, Ryan, we've definitely seen the evolution of Shelton's serve. I remember when he first came on the scene, he was just throwing a fast ball every single time.

I think that's a great point because at this level, someone like Sinner, if it's just only the fast ball, especially over five sets, he'll get used to the speed. So the variety has gotten way better for Shelton. And the thing that's most impressive when he uses the variety is even when the speed goes down, he keeps the acceleration through the ball very quickly. So that ball jumps off the court in whatever direction he's spinning it. Logic says, though, if he gets involved in too many rallies from the back of the court, it's hard to see how he will win more than 50% of those points. Ryan, I can't see it. Maybe you might disagree, mate. I'm keen to know if you do. But even in the early stages here, when Sinner gets the ball back deep and gets involved in the point, it seems like the pendulum turns in his favor.

That serve would not have come back from so many of the players. What a return that was. Two games all. What a return there from Sinner. And that's the challenge of playing someone like Sinner, where it doesn't come back against 99% of the tour. But with Sinner, you have to hit that one extra ball. And I think you hit the nail on the head there with Shelton not wanting to get into too many extended rallies early on. You see him going to the slice backhand. After the first or second one, I think he wants to keep that spin variety to try and prevent the rallies from being extended.

I think the bad news, it's not big bad news, but I think the bad news for Shelton right now is that Sinner has not played his best tennis yet, and he's found himself back in this first set. So he'll be feeling quite buoyed at this moment. For Brian, Shelton would like to—did I say Brian? Apologies. I know Brian so well. It's difficult, you know, played against him, admired his game, offered to pay a lot of money for his serve. You're not the only one. I was just having a look at the baseline points, one for both players. Apart from the first match that Shelton played, he is in the 40% all the way through, 43, 41, 40. And against Lorenzo Sono, he won 42% of the baseline rally. Sinner, in contrast, is in the mid-50s. Again, it's a big differential. You know, if I hadn't just looked at the stats, I would not have guessed that Sinner's already got 62% of his first serves in. To me, it feels like it's about 40. That surprises me. So I feel like he hasn't served great yet, Sinner, and he's capable of it.

The umpire has to call the lets as John did there. 40-30. Ryan, did both players there question that let call by John Blom? They both had a little bit of an eye raise, look up, and see if it was definitely a let, and they both conceded that it was a little unusual that they're not using the net devices this year. Yeah, I think it was last year as well. Right at the majors only. Well, for the first time in this match, Sinner sits down, getting a little bit more comfortable. He leads three games to two.

I did read, gentlemen, that the company that makes the machines that detect the let has actually gone bankrupt and they're not producing them anymore. That report's an effect came from, I think, Lindsay Dport was suggesting that or one of the American broadcasters. That's an unusual one. Yeah, that's good information. I was just going to ask if that was due to some misfiring from the net devices or if there was another manufacturing reason for that because I think we all can agree that those net devices were welcome in some of the situations where it's hard to tell one way or the other. All thanks to Insurance in Melbourne and all her magnificence as we start to enjoy finals weekend here. The women's finalist is already an American in there, Madison Keys, flying the flag high for the USA. Ben Shelton would love to join her in the men's Sunday final, but he's got to navigate this guy, someone who has been there and done it, two majors played in 2024 in the finals. Two we converted. There was a bit of Ryan Harrison behind that volley. Seen that before, Ryan. That was a strong compliment. I think if I had that volley in the tank, I might be playing a few more years. He's certainly going to have some quick games on this serve, isn't it? It's just a natural way of being when you have a serve this good. There'll be some quick games. Go back, please. And oh, wow, he's starting to open his shoulders a bit, isn't he? This is different to the first game or two from the back of the court. He manhandled that second serve with his forehand, too, by the way. So to me, it's not an easy ball to return. So easily with that left-handed kick coming at you. But Sinner seemed to be having no trouble at all with the second one. Just starting to feel the full force of the world number one. Guys, just watching this first serve, Sinner's ball toss is getting really low. For Ben Shelton, is that a natural occurrence for him, Ryan? I mean, if he gets tight, does the ball toss get lower normally?

Yeah, I think the tendency for big servers is when you want to try and get that free point, you want to hit the ball as quickly as you can and you don't let it get all the way up. He's cut from a different cloth as the world number one defended well initially and right there changes the whole dynamic of the rally with one rip of the forehand. To me, Robbie, he's starting to get used to playing the left-hander. You know, right-handers don't play left-handers anywhere near as much as left-handers play right-handers in this sport. And the angle can confuse you for a while, but it looks like he's starting to feel a bit more comfortable. Sinner from the back of the court. Since the start of the 2023 season, and Vantage Sinner has won 11 of the 12 matches that he's played against lefties. The only guy to beat him, I wonder who is the man that he's facing today. But so far, so good. That's when Shelton beat him in Shanghai the very first time they played during the 2023 season. Sinner with another chance to break. It's a magnificent first delivery, isn't it?

Well, guys, Sinner did have the luxury of not having to play against one particular left-hander. Sinner's got play near field as well. Love the creativity here from Shelton. The balance and the slide was gorgeous. Another chance for Sinner. What a point from Shelton, using the full dimensions of the tennis court. I've got to admit, I thought Sinner played almost a perfect point. I thought he was going to win this halfway through, and this was flirting very close outside edge, maybe, of that line. He gets away with it, Shelton. But what a point from both players. It's not often you can bring the world number one to his knees, but Shelton certainly did that. Advantage Shelton. An annoyed look of Sinner to the far end of the court. I think he should be missing that backhand. One of the longest service games that Shelton has experienced in the tournament. Shelton, that's a hard-fought hold. Three games all. Speaking of Americans, talking about defying the odds today, Sinner.

On a 17-match win streak against players from the USA, so not only is he enjoying playing against lefties but Americans as well. I think every nationality would have been suffering a little bit at his hands over the last couple of years, particularly in 2024. Ben Shelton's having to work hard though, he's had three service games, they've all been difficult, holding up well. Yanick Sinner, before the match against Hågar Runa in the fourth round, was feeling very unwell with a bit of stomach problems. The match against Hågar was a battle royale in warm conditions, he was struggling big time but somehow managed to dig deep and find the win. He bounced back superbly against Alex Deor in his previous match in the quarterfinals. Be keeping an eye on how he is handling the physical battle today. Shelton is making him work hard. This is a prime example of matchups in tennis. If you compare Alex De Minaur to Ben Shelton here for Yanick Sinner, they are totally different propositions. De Minaur plays from the back of the court a lot and Sinner really had Alex covered as he does most players as he's a right-hander and he hits the ball in his slot a little bit. But Shelton is a completely different proposition, the lefty, the big serve, the flashy forehand creates different problems for him.

Earlier today, I was able to have a short conversation with coach of Yanick Sinner, Darren Cahill, and I said, "Well done the other night," and he made it a point to say that he knew that this was a much different matchup. So to your point, the Sinner team is very well aware of that. No matter what way you look at it, Ben Shelton's going to win a lot of matches in his career, not just because he's an extremely good player but because of what he brings to the table in terms of being so different. The left-handedness of him can confuse a lot of right-handers. Well done on that first serve percentage today, and that can be because it's a different angle here, he's serving to a left-hander, just throws your rhythm a bit at times.

Even if he's not on top of his serving game just yet, Sinner finds a way. That's a very fine way. That's a heck of a volley. I thought he'd given Shelton too good an opportunity there to pass with his forehand, he hit it straight into the forehand wing here. I thought he'd be in trouble at the net, but he reads it well and executes it beautifully. These new balls here would be helping the serve, no doubt. He's being made to work extremely hard behind his serve, and of course, Sinner alluded to the start of the match was going to be important for Ben to try and hold comfortably, build the pressure on Yanick. Shelton's already faced break points in his first three service games. Shelton doesn't have to worry about that this time round, but still only a 30 hold. I think that wide one to the second court for the left-hander there is helped by the new balls that accentuates the swing to a degree, and that was a perfect finish to the game.

So, this is when things start to get interesting, all getting closer to the sharp end of the set. What do you think? Not a bad play for Ben Shelton there to tee off on that backhand at times. Yeah, I like it. I think Ben is a good disruptor. The more he can try and play these points on his terms instead of these long back and forth rallies, it'll be to his favor. Service games won in the tournament, Sinner, such an improved shot, came into this encounter winning 96% of those servers. It's got power, it's got more accuracy. Two great here, but I've got to say his first serve percentage has taken a dive, it's down to around 40%, it's not enough. He's needed a couple of good ones that he's produced in this game. It's more like starting to find his groove, is the world number one. Five games to four, fans are happy and why not. Some match to cheer for, for both of these tennis nations.

Time I was talking about the fact that American tennis is really coming on in leaps and bounds, especially on the men's side of things. Now Ben Shelton, Taylor Fritz, of course, competed in the finals of the US Open against Yanick Sinner. This is Tiafoe playing some good ball, Tommy Paul, Brandon Nakashima had a good 2024 season. Rael, he's back, he's always dangerous. Similarly, Italian tennis very much on the up and up, has been Palini lighting things up on the women's side. Last year was this guy flying the tricolor for his nation beautifully. Shelton continues to be an enigma, and he probably always will be because he rallies beautifully at times, doesn't he? Doesn't look like missing the ball, and then all of a sudden he will throw in three or four wild forehands that miss by a long way. Oh, second serve bomb that had some heat on it, bit of paratechnic tennis there for it, still the fastest one he's hit all tournament and went at the body, what a delivery. Just what you wanted to tell end of the opening set, a love hold for the American, five games.

When you look back historically, it's the head-to-head between these two, there's always been a tiebreak mixed in there. Sinner has won most of them. The fastest serves today so far, these guys can crank it, what things mixing things up beautifully. One of the things you want to see whenever a guy like Ben Shelton's played against the world number one is what does his attitude and demeanor look like? Does he look like he's just out there and seeing what the world number one does, or is he taking it to him? And to me, it looks like he is fully embracing this opportunity. This is a half chance here, that's what you're talking about, right? If you're in the Sinner camp, your heart's in your mouth when he gets a forehand in that part of the court because first thing he's going to do is hit it hard. And if he hits it into the position he wants, it's either going to be a winner or almost unreturnable. So it's a dangerous shot, but yes, he then dumps it in the net at times. Unforced error off that particular side. Not sure Shelton was meant to hit the ball that high, I think it had a bit of hack spin on it from the miss it, but it's worked out.

[Applause] Broke Yanin in his opening service game of this match. What a time! If he could break now, he's got two chances. Game Shelton, a superb tennis from Shelton, and he gets a valuable break in the 11th game and he will for the opening set. The simplicity of that point, the fit off the making the return, no fancy approach, not trying to go for the outright winner there. No, but he had CER so deep in the court, didn't he? I mean, he played a great game there in a typical Ben Shelton type game where he's dangerous. He made an error at 1540, didn't he, or earlier in the game? But then the love 30 point, he hit the point in. But this is dangerous because look how deep Center is. Yeah, but my point is he hasn't gone for one of those. He knows just with the hook cross-court. Yeah, he's looking for a two-shot combination. I like that. He's patient, trusting his net game. And this is a mentality that occurs because you're playing against a player with such a dangerous serve. You know you can't make any or too many errors on your own serve or you get into trouble. Time at the Majes, the Americans have struggled against Center. They're 0 and 4. But I tell you what, Shelton is making some good headway here. He's broken Center for the second time now and would love to close out the opening set with a couple of meaningful first serves. 15 now, win that first point on serve, chances of holding go to about 89%. And if you've got a serve as good as Shelton's, 89% is the average. You're looking at about 91% for someone who's as good as Ben. 15 all, a lot of defending in that rally. Good peripheral vision from Center too, easy on it in a flash. 15. So difficult to defend against the down-the-line passing shots, the most direct way past an opponent. Oh, huge miss, huge miss. Goodness me, that might cost him the first set. And I tell you what, if you can read a little bit of Italian, he was not happy with that miss contact there. Wasn't thin enough. You've got to brush up the back of the ball. So finally, he's got to be ready for that. It's been a good play a couple of times. Shelton's hit the second serve one flat like a first serve, and then that one straight at the body. What an impressive set of tennis this has been from Shelton. Arrived at set point. S's given him the full run-around in that rally. That'll test the lungs. Practiced in the art of deception, and Shelton got what he wanted. There, absolute beauty. I'm not sure, I mean, it's part of his repertoire, isn't it, the drop shot? But I'm not sure against Shelton it's necessarily the play. It brings B into the net where he's quite comfortable. If he doesn't hit that drop shot perfectly, he can either rip a forehand and he played it to the forehand wing, by the way. Still hard to hold serve against, though, isn't he? And advantage C. Shelton faced break points in his first three service games. He was under all kinds of pressure. It's more of the same now. What a bonus, what a miss. I can't help thinking, and sometimes it's just psychological, but against a left-hander, you tend to struggle with the angles a little bit, and I think that causes some inconsistency. We've seen Center in this first set miss balls that he rarely misses. I just wonder if that's the matchup. I mean, I don't mind the seven B at all from B. In fact, I love it. But C was clever enough just to block the ball low and ask the question. Another break point game C. What a cutting fox finds a solution. Six GES all, TI fighting off two set points on the Shelton serve. And once again, these two will contest a tiebreak. Fitzy, in the previous five meetings, there's always been a tiebreak involved. Shelton has to put that disappointment quickly behind him. And it is a big disappointment. Settle down, please. Thank you. One Z. Forehand might be his undoing when this opening set is said and done. For it, he's just hemorrhaging unforced errors now. Yeah, but you live and die by the sword, don't you? I mean, it's his dangerous weapon to in the middle of these rallies. But if it deserts him for just a few minutes, it can cause havoc. Both players with good success this year at the AO. W to tiers. That's a bad miss there, guys. It's really interesting. These forehands that he's missing are the ones that he has a lot of time on. The one where he has to run and react and just hit an amazing passing shot, he's fine. Sixteen of those bad boys now. What a turnaround this is. When he had set point there, serving for it, you wouldn't have picked this. Four Z. Center, he's won the last six points in a row now. His momentum firmly with the world number one. Ben just bounced his racket, not happy at all. Perhaps still thinking about those two set points on serve that he had. Well, he's gone to pieces here, really. I mean, he's played so well with such variety, such danger. He's caused his opponent. And all of a sudden, the form has just slumped. He's still in it, Ryan. But do you think he was just playing on the edge, maybe a bit too much in this F? Like, it's the way he probably has to play against the world number one. But all of a sudden, it sort of exploded in his face here. Yeah, I think for the majority of the first set, he was doing a good job of mixing up those opportune times. We saw his net percentage of points one was really, really good early on. He was using the slice backhand and also using a variety of spins, getting the ball heavy up with the forehand. And it seems like since he lost that set point opportunity, the second one, he's just gone full on haymakers each time. Well, it's tough to judge these world-class players sometimes. Or easy to judge them, really, sitting in a box up above the court. But sometimes I wonder about Ben's shot selection. If there's a question mark for me, he's such a good ball striker and a dangerous player, but he does give away a few points with the wrong choice sometimes, I believe. But it hasn't been that in this tiebreaker. It's more that he's just... It's basic stuff that he really... Basic. He's just blown his forehand here. Me when puts it all together. I mean, this first set for C now is like absolute gold. I bet he feels like he hasn't played at his best and he has stolen this first set. If he closes it out, C two set points and wins nine of the last 11 points to steal the opening set from Shelton. He wins at 76 in the tiebreak. Even further now, playing from a set behind, set number two. 15 left. Sort of strange for me watching B here. And he was pushing the envelope a little bit with some of his forehands in the first set, but they look so safe compared to the last 10 minutes. He just doesn't look safe anymore. 15. Maybe subconsciously he was pushing the envelope a little bit, you know, redlining. That's a better one. Didn't overplay that, didn't take too much risk to achieve that reward. And there's his dad ironically laughing, I would think, or smiling, thinking, "Where was that the last 10 minutes?" Ben was doing the same, great retrieving. 14, 1 all. The great players defend well, don't they? Yep, kept the ball alive and caused this that forehand has just not calibrated well enough today. Well, S showing us why he's number one. Yes, scrambling that serve back deep, and he knows that if he gets into the rally, he's favorite. You're well below 50% now on baseline points one for Shelton. To your point, Fitzy, advantage Shelton, 20 out of 58 for the American. That's a lowly 34% of the baseline points one. Well, I was about to say then, Robbie, that he desperately at this moment or in these moments early in the second set has to serve well and get some free points on his first serve because at the moment, he is not winning when he gets involved in a rally, usually after a second serve. So, and then CER also returns a great first serve back as well. Advantage. So impressive defending Center and Shelton running out of places to go with that forehand. Point ruthlessly.

Efficiently neutralizing Shelton's serve and then sending the American from coast to coast at will. Robbie, I feel blessed to sit in this box and comment on a game that I love, but it's hard to comprehend for us mere mortals how good Center can be. That game was at such a high level under pressure, creating unbelievable pressure back on Ben Shelton and maintaining that level. Wow, that was good, so good. As Ryan was suggesting, just putting meaningful returns back in play. You can see for the AO, Shelton's first serves unreturned 39% today, it's down to 28%, that's an 11% dip against Center. That's how good Jannik has been at getting the serve back in play. He's 15-love. I mean, he hasn't turned this match on its head yet, but there's been a huge momentum shift, hasn't it, just from 10 or 15 minutes ago? Center has been almost faultless. Out 15, come on, he missed one.

One part of tennis that's not talked about enough is making your opponent play poorly. I thought that early on, Shelton was doing a good job of keeping Center on his toes, variety of spins, shortening points, getting in the net. He's going to need to do a bit more of that. 1-15, guess one. It's hard not to think that that was the opportunity that Shelton needed to capitalize, get the opening set. I do feel that Fitzy was suggesting that Center could only play better from here on in. Yeah, that's C at the line, and we're starting to see his true form. 15. I can't help thinking it was the left-handed approach from this young man that really threw Center in that first set. He wasn't quite himself, and to Shelton's credit, he was so good until he got to the stage where he had set point on his own serve. Second 40-30. Both surprised if we want to look at both sides of the coin. Shelton said, "Well, gentlemen, I couldn't hit my point any worse than what I did in the opening set. That too is only going to get better." Well, it did there.

Hey, Shelton. Well, well, well. Yeah, a hiccup. Is can you believe it? Oh, against 99 out of the top 100 would have been good enough, but the number one player in the world makes you hit the ball just a little closer to the line. Well, if you're going to win these matches, you need to make those balls. Break point, a golden opportunity missed. Advantage Center. Oh, now it's Sinner's turn. He just seemed a tiny bit fatigued at the end of this long rally. Jannik now, I think under normal circumstances, would have been there a little quicker, Robbie. But yeah, one that you would expect him to make. In the end, give Shelton some credit there. It's proper ground stroking from both, such good quality. Either player able to apply the finishing touches at the moment. Advantage Center.

Ladies and gentlemen, please don't do as that, that don't call out during the point. Thank you. Well done, John. It's been too much of that, I think, this year. Game Center, crucial game, wasn't it? Just let Center ease two games to always hop on about how the very best in any sport just find a way. They're not playing their best tennis when they go through a game like that. If you're Jannik Sinner, just to get the hold to save the two set points in the opening set, just an extra ball in the court. The base level of play is always just high enough.

Ben Shelton still has this great trick up his sleeve, if you will. The fact that he's dangerous every single point and he is always hard to break. 15, love. Well, FYI, I think the most important thing is that he has the belief. So even though he's down a set and a break, he still shows signs of fight. And he is going to need it. Just to give you an example of how important that first set is, last year on hard court, when he won the opening set, he went on to win 86% of the matches. Oh, hello. 15. Keep the change out of that. Yep. Of course, when he loses the opening set on a hard court, last year, and wins 30% of those matches. So he's going to have to defy the odds in a big way today.

What a return. I mean, the first serve was excellent. He's got great anticipation. It's not just foot speed and getting into position and then the hand-eye coordination. It's the anticipation also to read where the serve is going. Not easy. As soon as Jannik went down the line with that wide forehand, he was in trouble, wasn't he? Just opened the court up for the natural left-handed hook forehand from Shelton. Yes, well, that can cause you some problems if you just have a mental lapse there. Ben obviously thought it was going long, but just wasn't disciplined enough there to make sure. That bit of lack of discipline might go a long way to hurting his chances. Another chance for Sinner to break in the set. Game Center. Stunning. Sinner's got the double break and he is very much in charge of proceedings now in the second of the men's singles semifinals. It's 3-0. He landed that. He was able to get on that return was exquisite.

Here we are in all her glory as we walk into finals weekend here of the AO 2025. Conn, of course, the defending champion, and he was very difficult to beat last year. You tell you went undefeated against players outside the top 20. In fact, not a single player straight set him last year. He won at least one set in all of the 79 matches he played. Only Roger Federer in 2005 had managed that. So well, he's been playing. Eight titles dominating on hard courts. And Robbie, if you look back at 65 Shelton serving in that opening set, if you think about it, he's broken three times straight. Yep, and he's won the tiebreaker. Mm-hmm. And now he looks like he'll take a 4-love lead shortly. He's off and running.

It happens quickly. Just seconds for Ryan and I being a little critical about that lack of discipline there at juice. It was actually his ad, I think, 40-30 in the previous game on his serve. I mean, I just hated to see that because I just felt like that opened the door for a great player. And the great players won't do that. They won't give you an easy one like that. I guess it's part of his FL Ryan, but gee, that worried me a bit. You're exactly right. When you're playing a player of this caliber at the top of his game, you can't afford to give him an inch. If you just look at the clock, we're at an hour and 37 minutes. And in about an hour and 5 minutes, Ben Shelton looked to be in control. And that's how quickly things change whenever you play against someone as relentless as Sinner. So you really can't give them anything. 15-love. Thir-l. 1-15. It's probably also good to offer a bit of perspective as well when you realize how green Shelton is. Been playing for that long, has he? Yeah, yeah, exactly. I mean, that's important to remember. Still so much upside. His first trip abroad ever outside of America to play competitive tennis was here back in January of 2023. I mean, it's unfathomable. He's got so much to learn, hasn't he? What a talent. He broke the top 100 by just playing in America, and he did it quickly as well. 40-30. Well, guys, I think that the important thing for Shelton is, if you're looking at his potential growth, he's already as good as he is with so much he can still improve. Sid, of course, we keep an eye on the return points one. This season, Sinner last year won just over 32% of his return points one. At a level, the average amongst the top 50 was 37. That has to improve. Made some big improvements this fortnight in that department. And I bring that up, folks, because it's such a major barometer of being a top 10 player. Those return points one have got to get up to about 35% for Shelton. The only outlier who has been below Shelton's numbers to get to the top 10 is John Isner. We know what kind of serve he's got, very much the outlier. Game Shelton. He's on the board in the second set, just got a double break. One was Pride Day today here at the.

Australian Open. Those guys are good. Listen to them all. Talented artists around. It's a very colorful Rod Laver Arena on Pride day here at the AO. Somebody who's been using his full palette of colors is Ben Shelton. Even though it hasn't always worked out for him, he's been using the slice intelligently. It's helped neutralize a lot of points, but just making too many unforced errors, not capitalizing on his chances. That's why he's down a set and a double break. If you're joining us for the first time today, I can tell you that he had two set points on his own serve in the opening set at 6-5 but couldn't convert. Had a potential break, now he finds himself in a world of hurt against the best player on the planet.

Just a couple of days ago against Huna, he was almost dead on his feet in the third game of the third set, poised at one set all. At 3-7, a shot rally to save break point against Hogga could be a major plot point in the outcome of this year's Australian Open.

I think it's worth mentioning that a lot of these mistakes that Shelton is making is because the movement and the ability to go defense to offense from Sinner is so strong that you feel like you have to be so perfect with that putaway ball. He defends aggressively and with the best of them. He defends so well with so much balance and can convert a defensive situation into an offensive situation so quickly. You do wonder how much being a good skier at a young age contributes to that balance and sliding that both him and Novak have. Dynamic balance is so good. Of course, Novak enjoyed skiing as well when he was a youngster. He was a top skier in Italy when he was a junior.

Ben Shelton just talking to the chair umpire and asking for the physio on the next change of ends or the set break. It looked like Shelton reached down and was looking at either his right hip or his right quad. The tennis in the second set has been a work of art. Serving for a two sets to love lead.

Yannick serves for the second set. Three set points. He takes a two sets to love lead versus Shelton to serve. Let's see how this third set shakes out. If he's going to make his way back in the match, he's going to have to use his transition game. He can't just continue to stay back there and try to blast winners because Sinner defends too well.

If he were to come back from two sets to love down, that would be quite a feat. Shelton still has a young career though. First game of the third set.

If you could have a quick word with Ben on the change of ends, what would your advice be to him going forward from here on in? You've got to look at what you were doing to start the match that was throwing Sinner off balance. The variety of spin on his backhand slice was doing a good job of mixing it up. He was doing a much better job with his depth of ball.

What a forehand! You need so much spin and control to produce that racket head speed. This is magnificent modern forehand. That's the variety I like to see right there. Using that lefty forehand, getting the ball up, using the variety with the slice.

How good was that anticipation? Exquisite again from Sinner. He's just so rock solid. He loved it, almost out of his chair. Marco Panichi just behind Darren.

In the same color top, strength and conditioning trainer who worked with Novak for many years was Sim Votti. On the left, he was the one who took over when S split up with Ricardo Piti, who really laid the foundation of the beautiful game that C possesses. We should all send our regards to Ricardo. Wow, what a coach he's been. Yeah, no kidding. We've got a pretty good coach sitting on the side of the court tonight too, Robbie O. I've noticed a good combo, Darren Cahill and Simone. I was talking about Ryan Harrison because I'm still keen to know if the only thing left here for Ben Shelton, Ryan, is that maybe he can throw a few chips to try to bring Sinner forward a little bit on his backhand wing or just make him move forward a little bit at times to take him out of his comfort zone slightly. I'm not sure where to go here for him because he's having to hit a shot like that to win points from the back of the court.

Well, FYI, I appreciate that vote of confidence, and you're exactly right. These points were just bashing of the ball. You just favor Sinner in almost anyone's matchup, so Ben's got to continue to look for his opportunities to take it to him and use that little short chip. It would be a very effective shot. He's having to play an extraordinary point, isn't he, from the back? But he's done it twice this game. Oh, a little bit of a filthy feel at the end of it as well. 14-15, filthy feel. These people are loving it right now from Ben Shelton. He's got them on the edge of their seats. They are ready to erupt for this American.

I can see the change of depth with that shot. Exquisite game, Shelton. It's a strong game from Ben Shelton, leads two games to one. Well, three games in the third set, two-one. Just scan the QR code for your chance to be next. You could win an experience courtesy of T-Card. And one of the differences for Shelton from the back of the court is having to deal with Sinner's ready placement. This was set number one. You can see 17% of Sinner's groundstrokes in the yellow zone. But look what happens in set two. Much better depth, and you can see those pulsating balls, testimony to the improved depth from Sinner, and of course, pushing Shelton further and further back. And of course, in those baseline rallies, he's struggling against the world number one. He's only winning about a third of them. Moment Sinner was able to keep that sort of length, he just suffocates you into submission.

All record crowds the fortnight so far, and some of the day records, they aren't by a couple of hundred or even a thousand. It's 5, 6, 7,000 more fans in some of these day and night sessions. What an AO 2025 it's been. Oh, stop it, Ben. Love 15. I mean, that should be worth a bonus point given the quality of that. You're pushing that agenda, aren't you, this week, Robbie? It's amazing that counts the same. It's just a basic unforced error. Love 1.

He's lighting it up again all of a sudden, Jannik. Okay, there, physically, he looks like he's walking a bit slow. I noticed it a couple of points ago when he was coming out, and he was looking like he was a little slow walking, and he just looked at the bench over to his team and he muttered something. I couldn't quite tell what it was. Yeah, he did win there once or twice. F 15-30, of course. Now you've got to keep a poker face, can't give Shelton anything to feast his eyes on. If he sees that C is struggling, that'll buoy him, that'll give him more energy, won't it? And he did that so well against Runa. He's got cramp. Just a struggle there for a second. Fortune just saw the leg straight there, you go. Yeah, guys, I think Shelton saw it on the big screen as well, so he's now aware of what's going on over there. And if you need any reason to stick around down two sets, it's to see your opponent struggling physically. Shelton with two valuable break points, stunning top-tier tennis right there. 15-40. I wonder if it is cramp, and if it is, seems strange that he would get it after two sets. It is, it left over from two matches ago when he was feeling physically a bit down.

Yep. Do you think it is cramp, Ry? Yeah, I'm saying 95% it's cramping. It looks like he's not trying to show it. It looks like he's going to try and see if he can manage his way through this third set. He's still on serve, and as we saw last point, free points on serve and short points will give him the opportunity to recover a little bit. Yeah, Shelton, who spent more time on court coming to this contest, almost two and a half hours more. Advantage Sinner. I mean, when you see that now, guys, you just think about those two set points that Shelton had on serve at 6-5. When he was serving, was he rubbing his quad inside his pocket there? Not sure. It just looks like there's a lot of concern on his face. I couldn't see if he was going inside his pocket or not, but it does look like he's very concerned. Okay, S.A. Long change, new balls, please. Let's see if Sinner says anything to the chair umpire or not. It's always interesting to me. Do you run the risk? It's the marks that you get from cupping take away any of the impurities in your system. Just wonder, is that what happens if you leave the cramping too long before you request the physio to come out? You run the risk of it getting too severe and the massage comes too late. I always wonder how you find that balancing act. Do you get the physio out sooner rather than later, like to get that knowing what you've been through in long matches?

Well, one of the things you want to do when you're cramping is you want to try and be strategic with how you exert your remaining energy for that time being. That makes it extremely important for Shelton to build a lead on these service games of his. If he's able to get up 30-love, 40-love, 40-15, you'll likely see Sinner not really running full for the remainder of the game. It's cheap. I think of it. It's like charging your phone. You've got one charge. Do you decide to do it when you've only got 5% left in the battery, or do you try and do it when you still got 11 or 12? That would equate to the physio coming out and looking after you. He's not getting position quite as well, a little less balanced to me, starting to spray a few from the back of the court for now. Just such an awkward PA.

Well, I don't think B has played this game tightly enough. He's given him a couple of free points here, not necessarily that last one, but he's opened the door, hasn't he, in a big way, Fitsy? Yeah, that hurt, didn't it, right? Yeah, he just pulled at the hamstring instantly. He's definitely cramping in that left hamstring now. I'm absolutely sure. You can see it there. Yep, grabs the hammy straight away. Boys, well, in a way, let's hope it's not a tweak in that hamstring. If it's that, it's a real problem. Good point. Oh, the ups and downs of trying to win a Grand Slam singles title. That was a pep play that worked so well against Lorenzo Sono in the previous round. Going down the line was exquisite. Tell you what, he's treading a fine line, though, Ben, isn't he, with a shot like that to save serve.

Well, that's a major body blow right there from Shelton. And guys, now it's his right quad hip flexor. So he went from left hamstring grab to right quad hip flexor and absolutely leaving everything out there in this game, trying to see if he can get the break and get up an early break, knowing the importance of trying to finish this out in three now. Deuce. Advantage Sinner. Oh my goodness, game Sinner. How important could that game be in the context of this match? Sinner digging awfully deep to take a 3-2 lead. Oh, it's a fine line between being brave and being reckless. Well said. And the physio has come out now for Sinner, and this won't be regarded as a full change of ends because it's considered actually just identifying the.

Even though we know what the problem was, a player gets one identifying change of ends. That's what Paul N is doing now. Then he'll get two further change of ends for a massage for cramps if needed. The ATP physio has just been on to extend a rub for cramps. The first time you get it done, it is considered an assessment, even though he's come on and done it straight away. So it's not a full two change of ends, it's O just telling him to get a rub. So, there was an assessment plus half a change of ends. He will get further full change of ends if he needs, but everything is on the edge right now. Ben Shelton is down two sets and a break, and he just doesn't quite know how close he is possibly to winning this match. It sounds crazy when you say that, but given what we're seeing, we don't know what's going to happen here. From Sinner's point of view, he really has to play some faultless tennis here to try to finish it off. He's got the break in the third, but this is not going to be simple, particularly if Ben can rally as solidly as he possibly can, keep the ball in play, and extend the points a bit. Everyone is on edge here. Wow, vaporized that forehand from Sinner for a booming 168 km/h. That one's not coming back, and he may need to take more risks like that. He's good enough to hit them in, isn't he? But that's living on the edge a little bit. A backhand through the air to 2 showing us that he can bring the heat of both groundstrokes. Just the hold he needed. Well, he's decided to up the ante; it looks like take a few more risks and back himself here. If you're Shelton, you've got to try and get the ball out of the middle of the court because anything Sinner can get his racket on right now, he's absolutely cracking. That's a good bit of fortune; that's got a lot of work to do. Well, he's just turned it on. This is a sign of a great champion. He's under duress here, and everything he's done in the last 10 minutes since he was cramping has turned to gold, helped a little bit by Ben Shelton going the wrong way there on that volley. Seven points on the bounce now. Oh my goodness, what a gift. Two games in a row to serve his way into a third major final. To your point earlier in the match, I just don't understand some of these decisions. For as good of a player Ben Shelton is already, I go back to that 2-all second serve, and he goes for a 3/4 almost second first serve there and double faults just before getting broken. If I'm seeing a guy laboring on the other side of the net with those long points mounting, I'm trying to play as many physical points as I can. I don't understand why you would shorten up the points and go for massive second serves. It only helps your opponent to play those short points, even if you land one. It's not going to have any long-term effects on a guy who's cramping. I just don't love the strategy behind playing against a grinding opponent in that way. Yeah, I agree. So that serve he hit when you mentioned the second serve originally to go down break point was well over 200 km/h. Only one other player has ever reached more than three major finals, one Italian, and that of course is the great Nia Petra Angeli cting to reach a third Grand Slam final. It's one decent service game away. Both Jasmine Palini and Francesca Skoni have been to two major finals. Settle down, please. 15 all. Made it 15. 30. Ladies and gentlemen, please, you can support anyone you like, but please respect both the players. Thank you. 2 hours and 35 minutes, this one has been ongoing, and it's been a match about moments. Ben Shelton will be ruing those missed opportunities, the first two set points that he had on serve at 6-5 in the opening set. But since then, Sinner's been the one in control. He's made the right decisions, chosen the correct shots, and managed his game better. And as a result of that, he's earned match point. It will be a third major final for him on Sunday. He will attempt to defend his title against SAS. He maximized the moments today against Ben Shelton and found a way to win like all great champions do, winning in straight sets 7-6, 6-2, 6-2.