When the draw came out, I think everybody wanted Janigan and myself to play in the semi-finals. I think it's one of the most difficult challenges we can face in tennis right now. It's difficult to play against him. I want to measure myself on the clay. It's a surface where I struggle a lot sometimes, especially in the beginning, so I'm even more happy to be in the semis. The way that he hits the ball is unbelievable. He pushes you to the limit in every ball. You have to run like it's a marathon. Rock solid. Now he wants the crowd. I'm a player who likes to have this kind of challenge, a really difficult one. Semi-finals are special occasions, you know, on Center Court against special players. So, a great occasion to show some good things.

The Wimbledon champion, then former world number one, out first onto Court Philippe Chatrier, then Carlos Alcaraz of Spain, the third seed, back in the semi-finals here for the second year in a row. The Australian Open Champion also out on Court Philippe Chatrier, Janik Sinner. This is the match that both players have said everyone wants to see, and it's tough to argue with that. The new era in the men's game here and a rivalry renewed for the ninth time in their respective careers, for the third time in Grand Slam Tennis, and for the first time here on the iconic Roland Garros clay. Janik Sinner and Carlos Alcaraz there to go head-to-head, the first semifinal of the men's singles at Roland Garros 2024. What a day for it as well, the sun shining after the difficulties with the weather earlier in the event. Everything is going up a notch or two as we get to the climax of this year's Roland Garros. Alcaraz, of course, at this stage 12 months ago, disappointment for him, but since then has won another Grand Slam title, Wimbledon. Okay, here for the first time, as is his opponent, Janik Sinner.

So we have Bastian and Zoe who are going to help us with the coin toss today. Can we please take a photo first over to that side, the four of you? Thank you. So for the match, five sets, six balls, and ball change. I call the net, 25 seconds between points. For the ball marks, if I have a doubt, I'll be going myself. Anyway, but feel free to call me if you want me to check anything. And for your towels, Carlos, you have the orange towel, so please use the orange box. And then if you have the blue, use the blue. Any questions before we start? No? Carlos, we have player or ball? Player. Player. It's received. You received. I'm serving. You're choosing to receive. We got there in the end on that one.

What a glorious day this is as well. I mean, this court always has amazing matches, but look at the backdrop here. This is pretty much ideal for the match that everyone's talking about. Those images, one of the great courts in the world in this wonderful sport. Guy McCree delighted to be with you and delighted to be, as always, particularly on a day like this, to be alongside 17-time Grand Slam doubles Champion Mark Woodford. Mark, good afternoon to you. It's funny, isn't it, when you come up here to the commentary box, you walk around, there's always a buzz, but just get the feeling today with these two going head-to-head, this is something else in prospect here. Let's look at them in detail, starting with the Australian Open champion and the man who will be the new world number one on Monday. Well, yeah, exactly. Good afternoon to you, Guy, and everyone tuning in to this mega match. This is the marquee match of the tournament, and Janik, of course, newly anointed number one ranked player. I wonder, you and I were also discussing as we came on, is that something that could disturb Jan, the fact that he's already arrived at number one? Is that a distraction, or is he able to compartmentalize and just have those blinkers on and take on Jan, because he's been excellent through the tournament, just the one set. You commentated that one where he had difficulties with the Frenchman, Correntin Moutet, but solved the puzzle. Absolutely, it's putting the jigsaw pieces together. The first set, that's the beauty of the five-set format. There's no panic, calmness. There's a good friend of mine, Darren Cahill, from Adelaide. We grew up playing together, and he's been a welcome addition to Team S. Simone Vannoi is the head coach, the lead coach. They have a few others, a trainer, fitness coach, etc., that are part of the team, but Darren Cahill has been a tremendous influence and helped impact the outcome of that Australian Open final.

Little bit Al as you've made it through this tournament, made the point again. Explosive CER is more. You could argue more methodical. But if you look at their big strengths, what they do well, there's not a lot to choose between them in many respects. Just to name a few, they're forehand dominant, movement exceptional, backhands extremely solid, both transition to the net extremely well, first serve packed with punch. Maybe Alcaraz has just a slight edge in experience in Grand Slam finals, having won the Australian Open. He's getting used to that Grand Slam feel, parents in attendance here, of course, earlier on in this second week.

Oh, a touch from Sinner and an early pump of the fist. The way these two have started, I mean, this is just the opening game, but steely looks from both of them. Yep, and both have in points in this first game, got to net, both have used their forehand. Alcaraz already throwing in the drop shot. Mira and Drah there, standing up, of course, was a semi-finalist in the women's draw.

Advantage C. Okay, so first break point in the opening game. According to some of the data, at these moments, Yannick Sinner doesn't hold back on a break point. He's not paralyzed, tight. He actually increases ball speed. Alcaraz cracks there, a break here for Sinner, underlining the dial-in start he's made to this one. The Italian and that feedback is from an accumulation of all the matches they've played thus far at Roland Garros. In that particular rally, it did look like Alcaraz had more weight of shot off the forehand, but he was looking for the forehand, unfortunately finding the net.

The final for him, last Italian to win here, Francesca Schiavone. That was a little Italian twist on your tongue there, Guy. Wonder how the natives would rate it out of 10. Some of them on our heads, they're coming in and saying, "Bravo, Yannick." Well, she could play, certainly, and Sinner's come to play here, predictably, with this start. This Italian man to hit the top of the ATP rankings, massive and significant. They're having a fantastic run in tennis in general. Of course, tomorrow, the final with Palini. What a story that's been. Z. Filippo Valandri is there as well. I mean, everyone's here today. They keep our team busy, don't they, with all of them in attendance. You can understand why everyone wants to see this match. Hottest ticket in town. Skon also participating in the Legends event as a former singles champion. And of course, Valandri, he is the current Davis Cup captain, so he is watching his number one player, no doubt hoping that he will commit to playing Davis Cup later in the year. Of course, the title defense with Italy having won that at the end of last season.

You talk about Sinner's development. We naturally focus a lot on the Australian Open crown. Winning Davis Cup, seen it countless times how it can set you up to go on and achieve even greater things. He seems to be another example of that. Just another one, another winner from Sinner. This start's not too shabby, is it, from the Italian? Have a look at the balance when he moves out to the left, two-handed backhand. It really reminds me of, I'm not a great skier, Guy. I'm not sure how polished you are on the ski slopes, but the way that he just slides over to that backhand and comes to a stop, he is an accomplished skier, so they say.

Well, in the start that he's made, C, know the point you make, Mark, actually. I mean, where he's from as well in Italy, the Tiell, and what he was doing. Watch some stuff of him growing up because that was the sport that he excelled in first of all. And said a few times, I'll say it again, we are so grateful that he transitioned over to tennis and what he's gone on to do. Yeah, the movement actually, you talked about going out wide to the... If you watch him actually skiing in terms of slim technique, it's extremely similar.

St there from meanwhile, can't afford unforced errors already here. Not quite getting a chunk of the return, but what he's done well in the tournament, Yannick Sinner, is be willing to actually step in closer to the baseline, if not inside the baseline, compared to the other three players that are alive in the tournament. Now, injected that bit of pace, and it's tough to rush either of them, force them into an error. What he was able to do there, really impressed with the quality of the start from C here. He posed the question rightly, you know, coming into this, because there was so much talk about possibilities of going to world number one and getting that, and the way that he got it. All the talk was, yeah, get to the final. That was the emphasis.

Yep, a weight started here. It's almost like, okay, I've moved on from that already. That's going to be confirmed on Monday. Now I want my second major title. Yeah, which is not an easy thing to achieve. I think more often than not, you arrive at number one after winning, whether it's a big tournament or a 500 series. I mean, it's more about you accomplish it after winning a tournament. So it's a rare occasion that what he's experiencing hasn't turned him off settling a lie here in these early stages. Cner, that as we know, is extremely difficult to do. He's managing it. He's two breaks up here, the Italian, three love opening set.

So what a start it's been here to this first semifinal from Yannick Sinner, the second seed, two breaks up, Italian on Spain, Carlos Alcaraz. Here, amazing really looking at both these two claiming their 50th Grand Slam main draw match wins previously in this tournament. How similar their numbers are in that respect as well, and extending it out as well. Now that they've both achieved that, they'll go on and achieve an awful lot more. But 50 major match wins, how they compare with those three greats as well, very similarly is the headline take from that.

Zero rematch here, there, the left of picture. We expect it to be tight over the longer haul. This is still early stages and what is, of course, a best of five. But Sinner here on the brink of carving a pretty handy opening section here on Alcaraz, game back to back love games by here, looking to get behind Alcaraz here, yet to get on the board. He was kind of, he had the first opportunities there, the spard, but his rally ball here not massively at the moment troubling C. He's able to easily inject pace, almost like in that exchange there again, Mark, it was like, right, is that what you've got? Doing most of the dictating in that point without being able to decisively get CER out of position.

Long way to go, but I think the feeling around here, everyone's a little bit stunned by the nature of this start to the semifinal. Or maybe Alcaraz just starting to think back to the last time they did play, Indian Wells early this year, lost that first set 6-1. So that was certainly a one-sided start. Alcaraz ended up coming back and winning 6-3, 6-2. So wouldn't think that there's much panic at the end of the spard just yet. First V come on from A. It's the most recent meeting, but the fact that he, as you say, it was a one-sided opening set, lost that 6-1, came back. Alcaraz had to win the second and third set 6-3 and 6-2 to move through, of course, going on to win, defend his title in the desert. Messi, that will get him going. So a bit different rally that was played in that last point, a bit more shape coming from both guys. The point before that was more of a muscle rally that Alcaraz came out on top. Certainly accelerated on the final forehand up.

Alcaraz, the Spaniard, on the board, he needed that. Sinner still leading commandingly though at 4-1. Back to the point, Mark, with that. We talk about this new era. They've played nine times already, with 50 match wins. It's remarkable. Comparing the numbers, supposed to be here at the beginning, that's something there was in Alcaraz. With Djokovic, Nadal, Federer, overall 250 wins, where they were at the number of major titles they'd won at that point as well. Very similar indeed. The numbers there. For instance, Alcaraz is exactly the same as Nadal. Nadal had won three Roland Garros by then, of course, but 50 from 60 to that point. Yep, a little bit weaker, but still very good. Actually, two matches less than Federer took to get to 50 wins, for instance. Just over 20 minutes gone here, first semifinal. Sinner, the Italian, first four games seen. Carlos Alcaraz get his first hold, but it's a double break advantage for Sinner here, 4-1 the lead. The Italian first set. Used the drop shot so well to set up the finish. That's something that he probably will explore through this match. Alcaraz in the tournament has not varied his court position to return anyone's first serve, uses the expansiveness of this court. Philippe Chatrier. There are comparisons with Nadal in that way we've seen over the years in this return position. Alcaraz, I think you're alluding to. He backs himself with how explosive he can be from anywhere on the court. Alcaraz, that he can do that. So, for Sinner today, not really looking to get caught too deep behind the baseline and where he's having to extend out to the backhand wing. His backhand slice is a shot that he's worked on conscientiously since Darren Cahill has arrived on the scene. It's not bad. He gets a bit of knife on the ball when he's closer to the baseline. When he's quite deep, it has a tendency to just float, and we saw that on the last point, just an easier ball for Alcaraz to punish. I just found Sinner's comments about playing on clay really interesting with this being asked about the opponent here, but about the way he's gone about it. He's saying, "You know, it takes a different sort of tennis from me from playing on a hard court that can be over in two shots, three shots." Here he goes now again. Excellent feel in the lob from Alcaraz there. Not the best of volleys. See that he got a bit close to the volley, didn't get any punch on. It's a big distance there, isn't it? Alcaraz is giving Sinner not a whole lot of change. This is a second serve, and he's back that far. Hand feel like that was the bait right there that Alcaraz set up the other end of the court. We know that Sinner's favorite forehand is that when he's moving out to the juice court, just creams the forehand up the line. He crunched it on that occasion but missed it wide. First chance to break here in the match for Alcaraz. He's coming into things more now. Everyone was a bit stunned by the first four games but just can't expect it to go on that way with the quality at both ends of the court here, what these two possess, what they can deliver. First break for the Spaniard. This is a match and just thinking back to Alcaraz, he hasn't played since Madrid, trying to get the reps. It might have been just a little tentative at the start. He's been up in the event so far, Alcaraz, up to 217 kilometers in the tournament. Just looking at their speeds as with everything else, good luck trying to find a significant differential. Games built to prosper on all surfaces, including here on the Roland Garros clay. This is the clay, of course, that he grew up on. Do you give him an edge in that way overall? But I mean, Sinner spent the time playing on it as well, indeed. Car tens was saying with Sinner as well, you know, that point, I think worth restating again as opposed to hard courts. He says, "You know, I need to concentrate more. I feel on clay, 'cause I got to play more balls. I got to play more shots. On a hard court, I can finish it quickly. Harder to do that here, as we all know. But I think it gives an insight into the opponent here and how he approaches his clay court tennis. Even more Sinner that he needs that focus every point right from the start. And that's how he started this semifinal. Alcaraz was really put under the pump there. Alcaraz felt through that point short with his rally ball. Felt Sinner was the boss there. Throughout, there's that forehand up the line that is breathtaking. Alcaraz did extremely well with his backhand slice, but not on the final one. Maybe trying to do something that is too precise. Wasn't going to win the point, I don't believe, with the drop shot. Advantage Sinner. First double. The man doesn't give it much away. Of course, behind those shades, Juan Carlos Ferrero, very calm character. Sinner, chance to reestablish the double break. He was a bit surprised, I must say, with this game. Started out as a game for Alcaraz, led 40-15, but it's just become messy right on the precipice of him starting to work his way back in with that break of serve. Could close the gap down, but he's having to dig hard on this game right now. Another break point. Oh no, Sinner's defense there superb as Alcaraz pushed him and eventually overdid it. Two break lead is restored. One set later. One set later. At the beginning, supposed to be here at the beginning of the match, I ask for two chairs. It's not the first time he's, I believe he expected to have more ice towels there to begin, was making that point to the umpire before, making the case again. That's unsettled him a little bit. You'll be unsettled by this scoreline. So perhaps we've reached the back end of this opening set now. 34 minutes in, in these glorious conditions in the Bo bin first set that at the moment is going the way of this man, Yannick Sinner, back a double break in front. And on that change of ends, a rattle to Alcaraz. Usually a very well-mannered, polite, it's not that he was speaking out of context to the chair umpire, but in the big scheme of things, I think he's rattled by the start and the disappointment of losing his serve in that last game. Just discussing with the chair umpire about ice towels and does take a while for them to actually put them together, wrap tape around the ends. Serve into the body. See, that's the thing in itself. He can say, "Okay, I want more ice towels," but it's just something there, if you like, it's an example to illustrate, as you say, his wider difficulty in this one so far, the quality of Sinner's start to the match. Few chances there for the Spaniard. Pulled a little bit, was a bit tentative, wasn't he, with that pull in the forecourt? Yeah, on the previous point, which he ended up losing, he didn't accelerate through the half volley and maybe de-accelerated on one of those forehands. But for Alcaraz to miss that one, that was pretty wild. You know, the scoreboard is against him. Maybe you don't have to hit a winner on that final forehand, just get it back into play. Love set points against him here in favor of Sinner. The mishit forehand side from the Italian, straight to the toe here. Sinner, that as well, that's the sort of point he normally devours. Sinner serve plus one, feeling the pressure a bit here as well. Take wits about.

Him there, advantage S. This is a fascinating matchup, isn't it? You're expecting this man to find an answer as it goes on, and S is so dependable. He hasn't faced those two set points. But the beauty of the two-break lead may be giving him the idea he can keep swinging. The attempt at a drop shot and S gets what he wants out of that first set, taking the initiative here. The second seed takes it 6-2.

Looking to make a better start to the second set, Z, a three-time winner, the miscer other than Gooa. Well, at least he's out there. The other day we saw him entertaining upstairs, having a glass of Rosé, maybe watching the match. Why not? I think, like all of us, enjoying the conditions. Just had a brief look at the man behind Adidas shoes, Stan Smith. All brands are available, but I think he may get a royalty from those. I know when my daughters first met Stan Smith, they were shocked. They didn't really say anything to him, and as he walked away, they said, "Dad, are you for real? There is a guy called Stan Smith. We only see it on the shoes."

Just too much ground to make up. S's coverage in defense is very good. Alare is playing it quite hard to hit through him. I've been impressed with players in general this tournament. They seem to be aware of the court position of their opponent. When they are deep, that drop shot is put in immediately, and the ball gets back to Alare in quick fashion. S is willing to step closer, if not inside the baseline, to return that serve. We have another break point for the Italian. He's creating them regularly.

Alare has been broken a few times already. It's still a struggle for him in his service games. Not getting much value out of the rally ball, in particular, the forehand. He hasn't been able to control that many rallies. S is not phased at all. It goes into the wheelhouse of S if he tries to flatten the ball out. He might be saying, "Bring it on."

A very clever drop shot again from S. He's not trying to win the point outright, but he knows exactly what he's doing. The construction of a really high level there. That's not a bad point to make the relevance to playing with a purpose, as opposed to Alare, who maybe is trying to win with certain shots outright, not really trying to create or weave the point.

Another hand second serve. Alare directing into the body of S, trying to crowd him. Delightful touch from Alare, but he still had a bit to do. This marquee matchup is approaching the end of the first hour. The first hour has gone firmly the way of Yannick Sinner. These two young stars going head-to-head, with Alare searching for ways to ignite the jets. There are times when you're really trying to make things happen, almost like you try too hard, get a little tension in the shoulders. Nerves can affect players in different ways.

Landing the same pace balls, having to drift over to his left and with two doubles in his previous service game, has lost a little bit of rhythm. Is that the tension you're talking about with CNA? Three break back points for Alcaraz. 

Boy, I felt like that second serve just over the net, relatively short, but the bonus was that it also had a bit of pop. C slips, he loses his advantage here in the second set. The Italian Alcaraz breaks back. There's just felt that was coming, although he'd held previously. The two doubles you were talking about, the toss just lost a little bit of rhythm and it bled into that service game as well for C. 

C was very fortunate to snag that service break down. He almost could have been down two breaks to Alcaraz in this set already. So, to grind through that previous serve, he closes the gap with a break. Is that something that maybe was in the psyche of C, an opportunity to be up three love disappeared? 

I think it comes back to the point you're making earlier. I mean, it's a completely different stage. Indian Wells is a huge event, but it's not Roland Garros. But you look at their meetings, and as you said, he's endured a difficult start. I think he actually, from memory, had a very difficult game at the start of the second set of that one before he turned it around as well. This is the thing, he's got off to a difficult start in the second as well. But as you say, the history is there, he can turn it around. Got the longer dynamic here, of course, as well, more time. 

So, getting into position to play that volley, going for something too short, too concise. Mary Pierce there, winner of the women's title in 2000, colleague of mine, sits on the board of directors with the ITF. She was in town for some meetings earlier in the week. She's also the chairperson of the Billie Jean King Cup competition. Iconic Mary Pierce, remember the year that she won and it's got great footage of her in a particular rally moving out wide to a forehand. She overran the ball and actually jumped up into the air and played the ball between her legs and won the point. She was ahead of her time a little bit there as well because all the players are trying that now with varying degrees of success. Casper Ruud wasn't there earlier in the tournament, did manage to pull one of those off, but the success rates are rather low for all the attempts made. 

Oh, brilliant, what a turnaround in that point from Alcaraz. He ignites the play there. Ben Stiller applauding. Now 3-2 in the second, and the body language from Alcaraz a bit better as well as he went sat down in his chair. The Spaniard, three games in a row now here in this second set for Alcaraz. This was the last point of that game, Alcaraz going on to hold. He was put under the pump for a lot of it, which has been the story of the match, but now he's starting to find some answers, some transitions, finding himself into the lead here in this second set, having trailed a set and two love. Three games in a row now for the Spaniard. It's been a real difficulty in this semifinal. 

You know, drop serve once but the first set, the general pattern was firmly in favor of Yannick Sinner. He's lost the last three games here. The Italian lost a little bit of service rhythm as well along the way. He'll be looking to regain here. He serves again, 2-3 down in the second. Couldn't quite make that Alcaraz top of the tape again, though it's good use of the drop shot from S. Certainly noticed that Alcaraz was way behind the baseline and again, it's not necessarily to win the point outright with the drop shot, it's to have a look at the next ball, see if there's an opportunity to pass. Had Alcaraz on the stretch with that forehand volley. 

There he was slightly inside on the baseline, slightly inside it, therefore you'd expect with his feel, Alcaraz to get a lot closer to making that than he did. Noticed that Sinner had actually slipped, not sure that that was the first idea was to actually try the drop shot, but having noticed that he slipped coming out of the corner, threw the drop shot in. 

Oh, mistake. Well, it's such a short amount of time that you get to make a decision in the direction that you're going, and this really is a siss and at the point of contact, he then realized peripherally that that ball's going straight back to Alcaraz, and you can't cover everything. He obviously decided to at least get relatively close to the net, but he was a sucker for the lob. A mistake there, that's a calm point. Always said that about the Spaniard, this first hour and a quarter that was composed, generating plenty of pace, not forgetting the idea of coming into volley. It's quite handy when he does move forward, Alcaraz. And this is a significant turnaround, momentum shift in the match, at least this second set. Great point here for a fourth game in a row. It would be. A cry of delight, the momentum with him now here. Alcaraz breaks Sinner again in this second set, continues the run, four straight games now. 

Well, the jets certainly ignited. Did I say ignited or united? Hopefully, I said ignited because that's what I was wanting to say. He is a light, he is taken off. Alcaraz right now, it's a united effort with the team, but that's a significant shift in his favor. Can just going to keep watch on Yannick Sinner. Early in the tournament, we were informed that maybe when he arrived a week ahead of Roland Garros, he was hoping to practice. He was in bed, had a stomach upset, a bit of a virus. Didn't necessarily bother him, but it was that second-round match against Richard Gasquet that he got caught. They had some brilliant rallies, heavy ball striking, and it was early in the third set that Sinner just had some twinges of cramp, and he got through the match fine. I just wonder about if this becomes an elongated match. You know, when you've been in bed with a bit of a bug, if you've not, saying that he was vomiting before the tournament, but a bit of diarrhea, that you can lose your conditions in sometimes in lengthy matches. He hasn't had to play a five-set match, but again, tension today playing against Alcaraz in the semifinals of Roland Garros.

Pushed that one wide and Alcaraz, this is some run. We said similar of Sinner in the first set. He was a break down, but now he's 5-2 up in the second. In their previous meetings, there have been these streaks that turned into classics. We talked about their previous match earlier this year in the Californian desert, but in a lot of the other meetings, they have been considered good matches because they're not 7-5 or 6-6 all the time. It's a player who can go on a run, be explosive. We saw Sinner out in front in the first set, now we're getting Alcaraz responding after that early difficulty. It's just all taken together, it engages people, the points they play. The Spaniard now very close to leveling it up. Rojo themselves there in the Plasy Musketeer. A beautiful day, this match here getting towards an hour and a half in, could have some way to run. So I hope they got some with it warming up, got some sun cream on. Well, you wouldn't want to lose your seat, would you? No, probably don't get it back out there or on this view is fantastic. Serving to stay in this second set, having lost the last five games. That one's good as well. Well, it's just a contrast from the first set, not able to penetrate the defense of Sinner. Alcaraz was giving plenty of effort without a doubt, but he just wasn't able to get that penetrating shot in this set. Sinner's level might have dropped a fraction, and Alcaraz took full advantage. Now, a lovely angle of the camera view behind the court showing the direction of the forehand.

Interesting that we just had that bumper up on the screen, 20 winners for Alcaraz, nine for Sinner. But the match is not necessarily right now as it hasn't been dictated by the winners. The first set and two love was really about the unforced errors that were coming from the Spaniard's end of the court, or even forced errors. The winners have dried up for Sinner. Actually, looking at the numbers here, Mark, from the opening set for the Italian here, two in this set as opposed to seven in the opener. That's some drop. Alcaraz is struggling to hit through a little bit, trying to penetrate the defenses, finding that a bit more difficult now in this set. Even there, he's managed to muscle that through, but sorts of balls in the first set, he was going for clean winners. Tougher going here. Look at the forced errors as well, breaking down all these numbers as well from Alcaraz. There, away, and ends the run of games against B.H. It off very soon here, preparing himself to level this up, perhaps new balls coming into play, so a fresh lung frame for both players. It's been tricky with the tensions as well, hasn't it, with the changing weather conditions? We've seen that a few times with players going very quickly when they got out there onto the match court, saying, "Okay, getting the word through, send me out some new ones." Yeah, not just one racket, rather than multiple rackets to change that tension, but perhaps that might not be as prevalent between these guys because now we've had a few days in these similar warmer conditions. They might have found a friendlier tension.

I remember Sitzpass in his match with Alcaraz, particularly, I think it was after two or three games or something, he was ball was flying zero. He didn't feel like he had any control on it. His general feeling was playing the Spaniard at the end that he didn't have much control, but yeah, he went sent straight away said, "Yeah, can we sort this out?" Swing miss there from Cakir Mo, overruling from the chair, come down to check it. Yeah, you can see the ball mark there, majority of the ball is wide, and it's well, we'll go with Eva's decision as well, bit of a gap between the ball mark and the line. Not up, he struggled with his drop shot so far, Alcaraz, that maybe was the best one of the lot there in terms of the weight of it. Really well played, such a high takeback, so that adds to the disguise, takes the racket back in the same way if he was going to drive the forehand. Please come under it as that one, more importantly, that took a few of the legs out of Sinner. Set points here for Alcaraz, the one everyone waiting for this matchup on Chatrier. Now one set apiece, Alcaraz with the second 6-3, to begin the third set. Again, because of that slight dampness thanks to the watering that's just taken place, so the movement is a bit more assured of both fellas. Of course, when it starts to dry up, you can lose your footing quite easily. Can some, let's for your service, against Hun. Doubles were a problem for Sinner as he surrendered the initiative in that second set, just a bit of rhythm, let second service. It's a let off for Sinner, easily being break points there. Pick up a little bit, a bit of frustration there with Alcaraz, the previous forehand he missed, and then there, 'cause he knows here, it's five of the last six games that he's won. There's an opportunity here to carry on, kind of been on his racket, on his forehand there, the last couple of points. It's not like Sinner's gone and rattled them away, reeled off three or four winners here. Just feel like he let the Italian off there a bit off the hook. First time that I'm trying to think of whether he has served and flied so far, Sinner. It's been very few if he has, maybe one or two other times. But it's important that he actually does keep Alcaraz honest with the return. High forehand volley, he was able to put away, so it just keeps Alcaraz on his toes when he's returning. Can SLE, Kenza. P Tim Henman there reached the semis here, didn't he? Talking of people serving and volleying, 2004. Yeah, you were talking about Pat Rafter the other day, you know, doing very, very well here, reaching the semis. Henman that year surprised the clay court specialists, the baseliners. He did certainly, Henman, in his prime, was a tough person on clay for the clay quarters. They knew that if the ball dropped short, he's looking very chic, isn't he? Very, he's in Paris. Peria just waiting whether he's going to have a pan shot. He's just much calmer now here, Alcaraz, as he takes some instruction there from Ferrero. Think of how he was in that first set, was a bit frantic at times, but he's very settled now, and that clearly presents a big challenge for this man. Another double fault trying to accelerate through on the juice court there, that second serve to move it out wide. F Z just taken by what you were saying earlier about Sinner, context of his run through the draw here. This is relatively early in the set, but you expect the bounce back from him a little bit, the one that Alcaraz was able to produce. It hasn't really happened yet. He got through that first service game of the set, but really felt he got through it due to K's errors rather than him being outstanding. You look for him now as they're both major champions, both incredible talents, but you look for a bounce from him. Don't forget, Alcaraz was down a set to love, was in a lot of trouble on that particular service game before he started that momentum shift. So is this the opportunity for Sinner to bounce back? We talk a lot about that match with M, where he was all at sea first set a bit, but otherwise in his draw, Gase broke him back. There was a mildly tiest set, but it's still in the end, it's a relatively comfortable win. M didn't make it come for him for a long time to start, but this, outside of that, is the only other time in the draw.

At this point, what happened in the second set is where he needs to come up with an answer for break points. Just when he needed it, the second ace came through for him. It was a quick but very effective and accurate shot. Another chance is coming for Alcaraz. The correction was immediate, right on the line. The crowd's movement was noticeable. Alcaraz's first serve in the third set was spectacular, initiating the first service break. It was a moment of high quality, securing the break of serve. Alcaraz made the first big move in the third set after a challenging start. 

Yannick Sinner's opening was strong, but Alcaraz turned it around in the second set and continued with the first break in the third set. There was a bit of conversation going on between Sinner and his team. The service games were analyzed, with eight service breaks in the match so far. Sinner began strong, but Alcaraz took advantage and built an early break in set three. The question arose about Alcaraz's level becoming fragile and if there was an energy dip from the number three seed. 

The match continued with both players maintaining a good pace and accuracy. The shot clock was not a topic of discussion in this match. The match was closely contested, with a break back point for Sinner. Alcaraz seemed to realize that he missed an opportunity to break the serve. The game was intense, with moments of frustration. Sinner showed signs of cramping, which had also occurred in a previous match. 

Sinner seemed to be struggling with his second serve pace, allowing Alcaraz to capitalize on returns. Alcaraz's average second serve speed throughout the event was around 152-153 km/h. Sinner showed signs of physical discomfort, possibly due to tension in the forearms. There was a bit of concern about Sinner's physical condition during the match. The game continued with mounting pressure on Sinner, leading to multiple double faults. The match dynamics were shifting, with both players facing mental and physical challenges. Alcaraz maintained his composure and capitalized on the opportunities presented to him.

Comparatively, Alcaraz was fairing very well against Jovic. A worse case of cramp than the case here, perhaps, but it's still affecting Alcaraz. No question, his forehand speeds are just carrying through. Overall, we're seeing a mixed bag of them in this game. Just a muscle there as Alcaraz missed an opportunity. A 12-minute hold for Sinner. At the moment, some treatment for Jannik Sinner, kind of expected with the struggles he's been having on serve, particularly recently. It's some cramp in the fingers that's been causing him issues. It does seem to be affecting the serve more than anything because his forehand speeds are up. Probably made the decision to go for the forehand in an effort to finish the point. The firepower coming off the forehand when he is on song does a lot of damage to opponents.

Having seen that last game, it was a slow buildup to that particular moment. Can't help but think for Alcaraz, a really poor two games that he's just put in. On the end of a piece of string there, the last time he served, it was an opportunity that went awry. He had some space there to put some distance between him and Sinner. In that last game when he was returning, that was a big escape for the Italian. Alcaraz now challenged on his service game. Great play points. So well done from Sinner, not just getting there but the response. From the Spaniard's point of view, having had those chances in what remains a very tight matchup. Last two points, he's throwing in the drop shot. It's not the legs that are cramping on Alcaraz, it's his arms. I would be out there trying to keep the points going.

Of course, when you throw in the drop shots, there's no guarantee you're going to end up winning the point. If you're drawing your man in, there's a possibility they might be able to respond and pick you off at the net. A wild miss on that first serve that was over the baseline. He's now down a break point. We may see something similar to the response he provided after being a set down. Now it's Sinner's turn to come back. We were waiting for some type of questioning. Is there going to be another shift? It's happening. So convert this time. The thing about it as well, you're seeing here and you made a very good point, Alcaraz cramping last year in the semi-final. These are two incredible athletes. Make the comparisons with Nadal, Djokovic, and Federer in that way. But this is a huge occasion. It can do funny things to the body and mind. You've got a 21-year-old player and a 22-year-old here. This is not a 24-time major champion against a 22-time major champion, for instance.

Advantage is the level of this at the moment as good as some of those previous matches. I mean, we'll wait and see. The match isn't done yet, but the occasion as well here has built it up so much. Everyone's been talking about this. They're human beings. Sinner with another chance here to extend his run of games in this third set. Now he's calmly done that. A cool head in that situation. Potentially catching Sinner by surprise with the serve volley. Break point down, let second serve. Advantage Sinner. It's very much in my mind at the moment. Going back, you mentioned that previous clay. It was one of those break points where Alcaraz sent that backhand long. Look at moments like that. Sinner's looking to capitalize on here, really rub it in. And he has. He's found a gap. He's almost in the seats there. Sinner still produced the winner. He does extend that run of games up to three now thanks to this.

There's that composure of the Italian. And if he can seize the moment here, big game ahead for the number two seed. This would certainly set the scene, consolidate that break. Well placed and continuing to make the running here, Sinner, in this third set, out to the 5-2 lead. More treatment for Yanik Sinner in the sit-down. This is interesting now as well. It's the leg there. A rubdown in the sit-down for Sinner. He has done an excellent job in this third set of opening up this lead because those service games have not been easy for him throughout the set. To pinch yourself a bit there, look at Sinner leading 5-2 in this third set. Alcaraz really trying to respond. He let this set to this point get away from him. A little different for me, the way I'm reading this match. Alcaraz really ignited his game when he was down a set and a break. It wasn't because of Sinner's dip. I mean, it was a small dip, but Alcaraz certainly started to rise to the challenge. But this change-up for me has been about Alcaraz really dominating the last three games.

Tense moments. Yeah, he made up his mind very early there, Sinner, to go after that counter. Part of what makes him so good is his ability to sense opponents' weaknesses and seize on moments of hesitation from the opponent. Often, we've talked about how good Sinner is on break points, trying to set another one up there. The execution there that time. Body language suggesting he feels like.

He's got some life in this set. If you look at Sinner's service games, you can understand that. So clearly, there's some tension for Sinner aiming to go up two sets to one by holding here. We'll see how his body reacts with these new balls to help him with a bit more pace perhaps. Sinner has the most assured start trying to serve out this set. Alcaraz has been struggling in that department, with five out of 17 and three out of 11, both below 30% on the second serve. It's so important here, a pace taken off there, allowing him to get forward and control the point. Alcaraz has yet to change his court position to return serve, and we're seeing many of the returns landing short, sitting in the Wheelhouse for Sinner to continue to have a rip at the forehand, finding open territory with that first serve.

It's been a wonderful bounce back from the double fault in the first point. Set points turn to his team. That's an excellent result for Yannick Sinner, struggling his way through that set but finding the goods, 6-3. As you were speaking, my mind went back to the Australian Open. Alcaraz faced Medvedev and tried to out-hit a big hitter in Medvedev, but the points were kept short, playing into Medvedev's hands. Medvedev won that match in four sets, with Alcaraz down two sets to love very quickly. I'm only relaying that now because I feel it's relevant to the tactics of Alcaraz in this third set. He needs to keep the point going and make his opponent hurt.

Alcaraz is an unbelievable player, but sometimes the flip side of exuberance and explosiveness can go a little bit early. Sinner wants Hawkeye to check a call, and it's worth a look. Alcaraz holds, and we see how Yannick Sinner continues to get on serve. Mid-50s percentage said he's a bit lower than he would have liked at this point. What he's been doing in the tournament has been effective, landing the first serve behind it. He's up at three-quarters in terms of the points he's won so far in the match, very similar numbers to the tournament, both of them down in second serve points.

We've seen them both already here watching on, reminiscing about past titles. Sinner brings out the quality, especially on the forehand side where he's been feeling it a bit, but the forehand remains devastating. A bit of verbal interaction there, nothing to be overly alarmed about. They might be sensing that Yannick is trying to avoid a dip in his level. He got him, Sinner doing well to connect with the one over his head, but nowhere for the follow-up.

Alcaraz is ahead in the Ace count again with six. It's tricky for Carlos Alcaraz working with Alcaraz because of his amazing talent. You don't want to take that back too much, but in a couple of moments, the shot selections could be different. Alcaraz was outplayed by the quality of Sinner, and this is maybe what Sinner's team was asking for, for him to be a bit more brave with the forehand.

Sinner's feeling is generally on point, and again, it was there to get out of that service game. Two-one, he can play all the shots. Looking back at the previous game, here was another one that you just don't see too many players attempt. Up to two and three-quarters hours in this one, early in this fourth set, first break of serve, Sinner in charge with a love game last time around on serve.

We were saying at the outset about these two that they do have really tight previous matches, splitting all of them. Sinner, if he's healthy and everything stays with that, maybe just in his style a little bit more steady on this surface, while Alcaraz is a bit more explosive and mercurial. Sinner over the stretch here is going to see him through. One never knows if this goes to a fifth set and becomes an arm wrestle, does Yanick trust himself given the week before he was struck down with a little virus that sent him to bed for a day or two.

We have never spoken about the lack of physical attributes for Alcaraz and how he would bounce back. Sinner is ahead in the Ace count again with six. It's tricky, isn't it? For Carlos Alcaraz, working with Alcaraz because of his amazing talent. You don't want to take that back too much, but in a couple of moments, the shot selections could be different. Alcaraz was outplayed by the quality of Sinner, and this is maybe what Sinner's team was asking for, for him to be a bit more brave with the forehand.

The beginning of this set has been more intense. Both teams are interacting verbally. The match is delicately balanced, with a surge from either player potentially securing the set. Alcaraz managed to keep his composure, while Sinner tested him. Unfortunately, Yannick couldn't put the brakes on as he chased a forehand. Alcaraz leads again. It's an intriguing period, with the possibility of the match going to a fifth set. The difference between wrapping it up in four sets or going all the way is uncertain. Even with Sinner leading two sets to one, the match is evenly poised. Looking at Alcaraz's winner profile, he's favoring the forehand side, while Sinner has more balanced numbers.

The semi-final is turning into a thrilling match. Both players are exchanging powerful shots. Alcaraz is adjusting his positioning on the court, which seems to be affecting Sinner's game. Sinner seizes the opportunity to surge ahead. Alcaraz responds with impressive shots, showcasing his skills. The crowd is getting more involved, adding to the intensity of the match. Alcaraz's energy is palpable as he maintains his lead.

Sinner is looking to respond in his style, using drop shots effectively. The match is showcasing their strengths and weaknesses. Sinner's quick and decisive play earns him a love game. Alcaraz continues to pump himself up, trying to maintain his momentum. Both players are using the full court to their advantage, creating exciting exchanges. The match pauses briefly for a new set of balls.

Alcaraz continues to play aggressively, trying to dominate the points. The players are using the geography of the court to stretch each other. The intensity of the match is evident in the crowd's reactions. The players are showcasing their skills and strategies, making for an engaging match.

The crowd here is quiet as play has been paused. The players are going to the bench because someone in the crowd is feeling unwell. The players are waiting for an update. It seems that the player is okay now, and the match can continue. Alcaraz is back in the game, leading 5-4 in the fourth set.

Sinner has been struggling in this set, only winning three points on his serve. Alcaraz is trying to put more pressure on him. The set has been dominated by serves, with no break points so far. Both players have been more consistent on their serves in this set compared to the previous ones.

Alcaraz shows great control and skill, engaging the crowd with his play. Sinner is facing pressure points but manages to stay in the game. Alcaraz takes the set point and forces a deciding set.

The match is intense as both players fight for a spot in the final. They are evenly matched, and the crowd is hoping for a thrilling finish. Alcaraz starts the deciding set with a confident hold.

The serving advantage could be crucial in this tight match. Sinner is trying to turn the match around after being led by a set twice. Both players are giving their best, with Alcaraz showing great skill at the net.

The match continues with both players pushing each other to their limits. The tension is high as they battle for every point. Sinner is looking to break Alcaraz's momentum and turn the match in his favor.

The competition is fierce as both players aim for their first Roland Garros final appearance. The match is a test of skill, endurance, and mental strength. The outcome is uncertain as they enter the final set, with both players giving their all to secure a spot in the final.

He's got the lob on lock, Alcaraz with a tremendous feeling, quickly throwing in a heavy, clean ball striking rally. Unfortunately for Yannick, as he tried to recover, he went further around and couldn't reach the next shot over his head. Now baiting Sinner, sure it was caught by the cameras that he was showing nothing but a forehead with that return of serve. Early chance here for the Spaniard in the final set, great point. Gutsy move by Alcaraz at break point, recognizing Alcaraz was moving laterally out of the corner with a drop shot. Everyone liked it, showing his ability with little space to execute brilliantly.

Alcaraz raises the bar with an early break in the decider, with precise shots kissing the baseline. Sinner needs to end Alcaraz's run of five straight games. Sinner's record in fifth sets is not as strong as Alcaraz's, making this game crucial. The match is on a knife edge, with both players showing moments of magic and solid play. Alcaraz's ability to handle pressure points is evident, with Sinner struggling to match his opponent's quality in crucial moments.

Sinner steps up with a winning shot at 30-all, delivering when questioned in the decider. Sinner is threatening to surge ahead with strong plays and disciplined control. Despite the intense competition, both players maintain a positive attitude and mental strength. The mental aspect of the game is crucial in this final set, testing the players' resilience and determination.

Alcaraz executes a well-aimed drop shot, walking a fine line between success and failure. The crowd supports the exquisite shot, appreciating the players' bravery and skill. Alcaraz holds onto the break advantage, leading 4-1 in the deciding set. His engaging, aggressive, and brave style of play is evident throughout the match, showcasing his determination and skill on the court.

That ball that he put out of the air for the winner in the penultimate point of the last game was very risky and brave. It captures the essence of Alcaraz; he's willing to run the risk but also prepared if he ends up in second place, he will go out playing that way. Close there at every length. As always between these two, it seems you can't take your eyes off this 3 hours and 49 minutes match. Carlos Alcaraz might have the edge here on Jannik Sinner, but it's not decisive as of yet. It's only one break here, one-four down serving again. Now back to this positive position closer to the baseline.

Alcaraz is trying to create an effect similar to Sinner, who throughout the tournament has taken on opponents' second serves inside the baseline. It gets the ball back to the other end, taking time away from the opponent. Alcaraz doesn't even make the net from Alcaraz and it's straightforward. They've added a lot of muscle to him, but he still has that ability and those legs as well. The speed of the 21-year-old is evident. It's a mishit return, but he doesn't wait for the ball to come to him; he still has enough energy to cut the angle off.

Alcaraz's first serve percentage is a little bit down today, but still good. Alcaraz here, a game away from the final. His first serve percentage is still very good overall, 65% for the match. It's just been a little bit down over the course. This is a really intriguing contest here which has gone on for four hours of play. Is it coming to an end? Sinner here going to be denied? He could become just the third first-time major champion in the open era to reach the final of the following major event.

You know yourself, Mark, you've been in this position obviously in your career so many times. In this situation, 2-5 break down, you just have to break it down, focus on the one break, hold serve here, take care of your end, and then you never know. Alcaraz showing the ability to fight back on multiple occasions. He might be barking at the challenge here of being 2-5 down. Just the one break. Alcaraz can now break Sinner here and keep this alive. Will it be the Spaniard who moves through to the final here for the first time?

Alcaraz is into the Roland-Garros final for the first time after an amazing success. Four hours and nine minutes, twice from a set down, he wins 6-3 over Sinner in the decider.

Something special from Carlos Alcaraz today. He was able to keep composed after being outplayed in the early stages. He couldn't find his game initially, a set down and a break before igniting the jets. Particularly impressive was his service game at 5-3. The number of times he found the corner with the first serve, the second serve packed some punch, and the celebration in Alcaraz's box. He could well match his coach's achievement here and win this tournament for the first time. It was quite an effort because he was playing catch-up for large parts. The start was difficult for him, as Sinner saw early on, with the Italian going back in.

Alcaraz spoke to Alex Ker, saying, "Carlos, you just reached your first Roland Garros final, suffering, struggling, fighting, but on top of everything with great attitude from you and from Jannik. How did you learn to win this match because you always try to enjoy and have fun, and today it was all about suffering? You have to find the joy in suffering. That's the key, even more here on clay in Roland Garros. Long rallies, four-hour matches, five sets. You have to fight, you have to suffer. But as I taught my team many times, you have to enjoy suffering."

Alcaraz mentioned that this was probably one of the toughest matches he had ever played, especially against Jannik at the US Open 2022. He acknowledged Jannik as a great player and recognized the team's effort. Alcaraz emphasized the need to move on to the next match. He reflected on the tough start against Jannik, the struggle to find rhythm, and the weird third set where both players faced challenges.

Alcaraz shared that he saw Jannik also having problems in the third set but acknowledged the need to keep fighting. He drew from his experience in a similar position last year against Djokovic. Alcaraz expressed satisfaction with the match, highlighting great points and tennis played. He was happy with his performance and waiting for his moments until the last moment when he seized it.