15 love. 30 love. 40 love. Straight up to speed here, Djokovic with some good, accurate first serves. Think of all the shots that we've analyzed of Djokovic. I think the serve has been working the best this week, which is always a good sign. So often, it lays the foundation for players. There's the wind that you can see, Djokovic back there. There's no doubt the serve for Djokovic is what's played a significant role in the longevity he's had, his ability to manage matches. He showed it in the previous two rounds, two dangerous Czech opponents in Mahat and Leka. Once he gets ahead, he just keeps the scoreboard ticking with good, accurate serving, minimizes the pressure that he faces on his own serve, and it's been a very important number as the return numbers pop up on your screen. First game, you can see a 10% differential, and probably a good time to go down to Roger Rashid. Good evening, Roger. How's the atmosphere, how are the conditions?

Yeah, good evening, electric atmosphere, huge anticipation, a heavyweight fight. The conditions were always blowing, as you said, from Alcaraz's end, and it's really picked up through the night, very heavy gusts coming from that side and they go deep into the backhand corner with Djokovic as well. That is a tough end to manage. Alcaraz has his strength when he's up that power. Djokovic would have the luxury of being able to swing freely, knowing that it'll be hard to hit the ball deep. But this is going to be a tricky night on the tennis court, boys, because it's very blustery. We haven't seen this breeze so far in the Australian Open. Thanks, Raj.

Carlos Alcaraz. Love. Well, straight away, Djokovic reminds us of his ability to make opponents play that one extra shot. That serve doesn't come back against most players. The hardest part about this is for Alcaraz, the ball as it's coming towards you, it's dying in speed, so you need to be meeting that and matching it. We've seen that now on two occasions. He hasn't been able to deal with the ball pulling up significantly. And in the wind, when it's breezy, footwork is at a premium. And at the start of a match like this, if there's any kind of nerves, sometimes it's the footwork that suffers. Maybe just impacting Alcaraz. Those two misses for and for a service. See a lot of communication between Juan Carlos Ferrero and his charge. Hello, what was that? Well, it's the first point in what could turn into a very long highlight reel. That is a ridiculous volley from Carlos Alcaraz, and not even Djokovic could track it down. A point like that could be so important in the outcome of an opening set, right? Well, it might allow him to hold serve here. The difference between 15-30 and love-40 is significant. Down one again, getting a spin control. Of course, he's been tinkering with the serve, partly also been just fine-tuning as much as he can. He wants to make that shot a little bit. What changes do you see from 2024? Call it another miss forehand, and there is the break. So, it's a slightly slow start from Alcaraz, maybe just the breeze, the conditions getting the better of him. With regards to the Alcaraz serve, you know, why has he made changes? First of all, looking for more consistency, looking for more accuracy, and he's aiming to achieve that with a more relaxed, fluid motion, a little bit more load into the right leg, but also a longer motion with the racket to take away the pause that was there in the serve. Looked okay there, but it was the forehand that cost him the game. Please, speaking of his forehand, that epic match they played finals of Cincinnati in 2023, it's one of the best matches I've ever seen. Two out of three sets, nothing in it. Djokovic saved a match point in the second set, went on to win 7-6 in the third, longest ATP final in history. Two out of three sets was the forehand on that day that just leaked too many unforced errors. And players who have had success against Alcaraz tend to get some joy when going hard and deep to that forehand. And I think the depth control of Djokovic is going to be very important this evening. Of course, new coach on board as well, your good friend Andy Murray brought into the fray for exactly this type of match to try and help Djokovic, to try and give him an edge to beat Alcaraz, to beat Sinner, to win his 25th Grand Slam title. Love for the order of the day so far. And is that an indirect title if he does get there for Murray, given that he came unstuck here on five occasions, four of them to Novak Djokovic for Alcaraz to break back up. It's mesmerizing, big to play on a big-time point for Alcaraz to get back on track. Djokovic leads by two games to one. Look at this smile, that's why we love this guy so much. He plays tennis with real passion and joy. And of course, that's the first time that he's had joy against, excuse me, against the Djokovic serve, and we'll explain why when we come back from the break. The first long point of the night, wasn't it, Robbie? And it'll be interesting to see who can win the majority of these this evening. Alcaraz was just biding his time, thank for eventually pulling the trigger on a magnificent back frozen rope all the back. Here, of course, when they played in the Olympics in Paris last year, Alcaraz had eight break points and he didn't convert on any of them. Tonight, he gets one and he makes it count. We spoke about the maximizing of the moment for both these players. They are so clutch. Who's going to take the advantages? Who's going to make it count when it matters most? He said a ridiculous pickup volley as well as a backhand that is otherworldly. Those winners count the same as the unforced errors. Yeah, five of them on his forehand now. Needs to find the rhythm and just the feeling on that shot, calibrate the gun. 15 all. Here's a look at the serve. Look at the racket goes down. It used to come up a lot quicker, and the fact that it goes down makes it a longer motion, and the pause is pretty much gone now. Against, in round two, there were 14 aces in three quick sets. It was an impressive serving performance, but there have been some double faults throughout the tournament as well. And I think it's fair to say this is by far the biggest test of that new service motion. This was just the fourth time that he's been broken in the tournament. Alcaraz coming into this match has saved seven of the 10 break points that he had faced. Boys, the one big thing for me in this match is we talked about the serve, but also Alcaraz's patience through the rally. We know he burns a few balls, gives a few freebies because he loves the creativity of the tennis court. He wants to paint such a creative picture. I know that they've been doing some work in the Alcaraz camp, actually keeping more balls in play with flight and bounce and picking the right moment, and that will go a long way in this match as well to not give those free points. That's a good point. Keep the creativity in your mind as well. That's a hard balance, a shift of 16 years to get between these two as you saw Australian Open fact pop up. It's quite extraordinary what they're both doing at their respective ages. Of course, Carlos, the youngest ever world number one on the men's side. Unvarnished that time off the forehand. Well, I think it's fair to say he has found the timing, combination of the two forehands here, and look at the speed of that winner, 164 kilometers an hour. Everything into the ball, doesn't get much better than that, boys. That was against a heavy wind, by the way. Let's remind ourselves, we mentioned the changes to the serve, but about 5 grams of weight added to the throat of his racket with a view to beefing up his game as well. Carlos Alcaraz certainly saw it in that forehand. Unfortunately, there's no bonus points in our sport, so that spectacular forehand down the line, it's not a three-pointer, counts for just the same as those missed backhands and forehands. It's the beauty and brutality of our.

Scoring system, that's a beauty, 4-1. Of course, Roger, he became the world's youngest number one, taking over from your good friend, didn't he? He broke Lon Hu's record. Lon Hu is South Australian, of course, someone who Roger coached and mentored for many years. Well, that's Djokovic for you. You know, there will be some eye-catching moments from him for sure, but just the tennis IQ, smart decision to go back in behind Alcaraz, who we know is so quick to cover the open court, just catching him off balance there. Game, Djokovic. Deadly accurate, Djokovic is happy. So, for the fans, 3-2, good contest so far. Already a couple of wow moments, and this was one of them. Sure dropping, pick up time, great freeze frame. You can see how far he makes contact in front of the body on that return. It's day 10 of the Australian Open 2025, men's quarterfinal action. Earlier today, Sasha Spev over Tommy Paul, and Sasha will be sitting back in his hotel room watching this one unfold. He needed four sets to get the better of Tommy earlier today, 15-love. Even Esar Kimu, our chair umpire, the most experienced in the business. What happens there? 15. Well, that was just a little out of sync. That forehand didn't quite get his feet into position. We mentioned that footwork being premium in the breeze, but look at the way he's reaching for contact there. That tells he was out of position, didn't get the body angles right for the shot he was trying to execute. Thank you, ladies. And please, tennis player, put that one-two punch so very well. And Alcaraz has his turn here to go back in behind. It's a great combination. Djokovic, of course, sprinting to cover the open court. Keep an eye on the serve plus one for both players. I'm interested to see not just how they, the Alcaraz first serve performs tonight, but the second. Yes, it's cooler at night. And for me, maybe Roger can give us a bit more of an insight, but it's not going to jump as much. He's got more of a sort of kick second, and it's not going to jump. It's not going to get up on Djokovic. So maybe a chance for the great man to step in and attack. Roger, fair to say the ball probably not jumping as much in these conditions, obviously not as much as the day, and also with the breeze coming from behind him, it's also, I guess, pushing it forward, so it's not allowing it to jump up. But yeah, you know, he's dealing with the breeze at the moment, boys. It's actually trickier than you think. They make it look pretty easy, to be honest. We'd be all over the shop right now. Hey, leave me out of this one. Djokovic had missed long, I certainly think so. I think it was his third shot of the rally. Not sure about the serve either a little earlier on in this game, but it was the case there, wasn't it? Second serve, Djokovic stepping in and on top of the point from the get-go. It's now two from six second serve points won so far for Alcaraz. Excuse me, two from seven. He has no one-trick pony. This guy has got so many skills. One of the best drop shots of the forehand side. A lot of players have a good feel of the backhand, but his feel on the forehand, exquisite. He didn't invent the drop shot, did he? But he's the current owner of it. You'll see plenty of those tonight. Just to back up what you were saying about the second serve points won tonight, and Djokovic won that deciding set in Cincinnati in that epic final. And I use that because there were conditions probably the most similar to what we're experiencing this evening. In the deciding set, Alcaraz only won 39% of the points behind his second serve, and it cost behind the players, please. Thank you. Big drop-off from the previous two sets where he was in the 50s. 15-love, 30-love. Andy Murray played Alcaraz a couple of times, both in 2021. One-one, one-loss. In fact, one Carlos Ferrero. He's played Marin Djokovic. There's a myriad of head-to-heads out here on the court. Marin beat Ferrero three times, three consecutive tournaments in 2009. Carlos did actually get a win over Novak Djokovic, all the way back in 2005. Just four years after Carlos Alcaraz was born. Astonishing bit of tennis royalty in the house. Well, he's one of these guys that possesses what I call nuclear athleticism, especially on a hard court. You're going to be so playing drop shots. He's an explosive athlete, that's for sure. And it's big dynamic strides, isn't it? Up to a short ball like that. Look at that, probably four steps there. He's covered the ground. New balls, please. Djokovic at the steady H to lead 4-3. First set by four games to three. It's match already starting to settle into a trend. Very difficult conditions. And as Roger said, these guys handling them so impressively. See more winners, more shot-making from the racket of Alcaraz. The master tactician just working away, efficient with his tennis as always. That's one of the reasons why playing outdoor tennis is so encouraged for more outdoor events. Yes, we have the roof if we need it, but got to get used to playing in the wind, dealing with the elements. You can grow up in those conditions. It always helps. I think we just saw the big difference so far for me at the moment, get balls back off the return. And Carlos hasn't yet found his returning rhythm. Enough balls back in play. One of the great strengths of Novak, engaging you full-time. Just to your point, just getting caught out here anticipating the wrong way. To your point, Roger, 40% of Djokovic's first serves have been returned for Alcaraz. It's just 26%. And that's a smart return because a reminder Djokovic has the wind at his back here. So even that sort of block chip return is just going to maintain its speed that little bit longer downwind. Almost caught Alcaraz slightly off guard. He was late on the forehand. He's under a bit of scoreboard pressure here. When he won the US Open the first time, he became world number one. How much he was serving and volleying, he was using that heavy kicker a lot in New York with serve and volley behind it. I remember in this match against Senna over five sets, I want to say he came in 58 times. He was so good at bringing that forehand or the drop shot into play after the first serve. 40-30, the grip change right at the last second. Incredible disguise. The first bit of frustration from Novak Djokovic. What is going to be tested? You're talking about the... We're going to see what the Novak coach and group get with Andy as well. This is going to be his legitimate first test when there's a heightened level of anxiety throughout the course of the match at certain stages and how their interaction plays out. I think that's quite an interesting watch. When he has the heaviness of Alcaraz, you can see he's got a bit more on his shot than Novak has. I think he's going to enjoy playing the wind given a hard... He likes to hit the ball. Genius. What vision. What movement as well. 37 years of age. Has anyone ever anticipated better? That's the key to it. He's moving for that shot just before Alcaraz has hit it. Allows him to make up the ground and he's got the skills to push it past them. Rob, you're spot on when you said Al will love these conditions up the other end because of his strength and natural power. He's able to muscle the ball through the breeze and you can see then just pushing Djokovic out of the court. That's not easy to do from where he was in the court. Big plus in this match, I think, as it goes through the hours. The alchemy of Alcaraz on full display. Of course, the drop shot into the wind is so effective. You know, that just pulls up after that forehand flies past him. And he also may have called the trailer out as well by back. I think he did. Speak to the chair. Now he's missed it. Just missed it. The realization only just setting in for the vast majority of the crowd now. So nice support in here for Djokovic. Chance of no late. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Enough of thinking. Well, I think he's annoyed.

Because he expected the homework to be done, Jovic likes that faster second serve to the forehand in the bigger moments. He was trying to move in, attacking the second serve early in this tournament. Alcaraz just slightly mishit the forehand there. It looks like a bit of a wounded warrior at the moment, Jovic moving gingerly between points.

Advantage Alcaraz, not Novak, at the end of his range right now, and it's not comfortable at all for the 10-time champion. Patient, persistent, and a bit of perfection with a backhand. Another incredible point. The way Alcaraz is moving, but the quality from Jovic again, backhand doing the trick. Not even Alcaraz could touch that one. You could see how much he brushed up the backhand, a short abbreviated swing to impart the spin on the backhand, and that one got Andy Murray on his feet. Mr. Offing the RW of the call, the rent perhaps a means of buying himself just a little bit of time off that lowest point.

What a great adjustment that was on the return. Went back deeper on the second return. Novak throws it in a loopy, flighted ball, and Carlos uses strength from back there to start the rally. It's better than most, that backhand. It's another body blow for Jovic to face, another break point. He's just about to ask whether you like their tactics. Alcaraz standing deep to return the second serve or not. I like the variety. I like both. I like showing Jovic different looks and almost trying to attract different types of second serves out of him, rather than letting him dictate to you as the returner. And of course, we know Alcaraz has the skill set to do both. Not all players do, not many do.

He's going deep in the court again here for this second serve. Let's see what Jovic throws at him. And when you return from that deep, what is the skill set required? You've got to be able to generate a lot of pace and height and therefore depth on the return to push the server back, then move up the court and look to take control. And there's no doubt Alcaraz possesses that. I almost don't like it when he comes in. I don't like that aggressive stance because I think that quick second serve of Novak is so effective. He's already caught Carlos out a couple of times. You just take that option off the table.

Rock solid, Novak gets the crucial break in the ninth game and will serve for the opening set. It looks like it's going to be an off-court medical timeout for Novak. I think he was just pointing to his adductor area. Stefan Vivier, brilliant tennis from Alcaraz. Jovic hurting, but it's the tennis that's got him in front. It's just taking Novak behind the scenes because it's the groin that's an issue. So, it's a sensitive area, probably going to need a shorts taken down. That'll get done behind closed doors. Just that constant jarring, the full slides in the splits, and he's had some intense matches. He lost the set to Basar, he lost the set to Faria, but Alcaraz is consistently taking him outside the comfort zone, pushing him to the very limits. You know, physically into the corners, and maybe he's just feeling something here, Jovic. Let's hope that he can find some comfort physically and it's not going to hamper him in this matchup. He's going to need to be at his very best in terms of his movement because this guy will stretch you to every fiber of your being.

What an athlete. I mean, how strong is he in his arms, like a pit bull, isn't he? And he's somewhat of an anomaly when you think of his height. Not as tall as some of the other players bursting onto the scene, not as tall as a Cner, not as tall as a Verdasco, that's for sure. You know, these players with the sort of longer stride length, but he is as quick, if not quicker, than just about everyone in the game. Yeah, it's a build that's not too dissimilar to Nadal's, right? Rafa wasn't the tallest guy, but he was just rippling with muscle. I think Rafa probably had maybe an inch or two on him height-wise, but not an awful lot. A few of the players these days have that long, slender build, not too dissimilar to Novak.

Alcaraz is now receiving an off medical timeout. Center fits into that mold, listed at 6' tall, 183 cm. Just a reminder that Jovic is giving away 15 years and 349 days tonight in this match. Up next, Yena, and that's his agent on the left, Mar Madden, of course, charged now with thinking about Novak's future and preparing him for life after tennis, working on multi-year deals and sponsorships. Of course, rumored that Alcaraz's new sponsorship with Nike was in the region of $200 million. Collins' eyes have just closed. It's a pretty good bit, though. He's played in four major finals and he's won four.

He's a global superstar, isn't he? That transcends the sport of tennis, not just because of the way he can play the sport, but the way he carries himself, his personality, his charisma. We've already seen him, the smile that he plays with even in a match of this magnitude. And of course, the big brands love it. A penny for Andy M's thoughts at this stage must be, well, just hoping as much as anything that Jovic can find some physical comfort and be able to compete the way he wants to. Here on the right there in the white track suit is his oldest brother, Oar, ever present, of course. His younger brother's playing some good ball at the moment in the big tournament in France. Essentially, the under-14 World Championships. Ha, that's right. And if you've seen any video on social media, the forehand is identical. He's a clone, isn't he? It's a carbon copy, mini-me of his big brother. See that left thigh is taped now, strapped up, saw a bit of white underneath it.

Thank you, serving for the opening set. 15-11 has made a very healthy 69% of his first serves to love. The work on the serve in the offseason working in this opening set, certainly in terms of the consistency, the percentage, as you say, Robbie. Three set points for the first set, and he puts himself in pole position with his first love service game of the match. Good stuff. 64 in Grand Slams when he wins the opening set. And of course, the trivia question for this game is, who is the one that's what we want to know? When Alcaraz wins the first set at a major, he's 55 and 1 in his career. That was a little bit of panic. It's unusual for Alcaraz. 30 love. Well, anyone at home that's getting the answer to that question, Robbie, it's seriously impressive. Oh, kid for service 2021 here in Melbourne second round. We'll wait two more points. Shows you what an incredible barometer winning the opening sets in the outcome of matches. Games up of eight. That's a good hold from Novak in the end. And before you tell the answer, just to highlight the importance of winning the opening set for somebody like Alcaraz. And if he loses the opening set, he's 0 and 10. Huge difference, right? This is 55 and 1, and the one is a sweet. Yes, it's the younger of the two, Mikel Imer, who was 95 in the world at the time. Alcaraz was 141. He'd come through qualifying, and qualifying, of course, that year taking place in Doha because of the pandemic. 15 love. But I think the first set so often just shows you, well, who's playing the better tennis, whose game sort of matches up better against the opponent. But then also, of course, at a best of five, you know, look at the probabilities here. Alcaraz now has two sets to win, Jovic three. And you would think, certainly, all the talk part of this match was the longer it goes, the more it favors Alcaraz. So there's no doubt he's in a very strong position here, and we may well see Jovic start to look for more of that stepping in, attacking, looking to shorten points. So you could theoretically argue that after an hour of tennis, Jovic has.

Got nothing to show for all his effort, still got to win three sets. Keep in mind that he spent 3 hours and 15 minutes more on the court than what Alcaraz has to. It's not easy to find this guy's backhand on a return. He's so good at dancing around it and using his forehand with the first shot. Second serves are so valuable for Novak. Well, that combination has been deadly so far. Look at that, 100% of the time tonight after his first serve when the returns come back into play. Alcaraz has been hitting his forehand, so Djokovic just cannot get the ball away from that shot. We know he's been blocking, chipping a few returns, but he might have to be a little bit more adventurous, try and get it into the back. Certainly coming after the second serve in this game. I think we're going to remind ourselves we've seen Novak with some body issues right throughout the course of his 10 wins here, and he's still been able to find ways of winning, hasn't he? So he's very j in these situations. Good point. Well, how about that for getting into the back with the first return? Just clubs a winner. Alcaraz hasn't faced a break point since the second game of the match. It's the same result as the Spaniard's opening service game. He gets broken by Djokovic, who got the early lead. An adjustment already from Djokovic, the pain he's feeling in his leg forcing him to play bigger, more attacking tennis, and it did the trick there.

This, for me, is a shot that Novak Djokovic brought to our sport. Where there may have been a defensive sliced backhand in the past, it's now an open stance sliding two-hander, and Alcaraz has mastered it. So, what a pass there. Well, you talk about tennis and legend, he's got a lot of it, and already he's making some adjustments, some important ones. I want to say that's the first serve volley we've seen on a second serve, first we on any serve from Djokovic. Definitely finding ways to be more offensive with his play and to shorten points here. Another serve that seared the line, thank you. It's a lovely foray forward, Stefan's happy, he likes the forecourt activity. Three zip for Djokovic, up by three games to love.

Well, there's been a lot to feast our eyes on in the opening 70 minutes of this one. Time, wonderful creativity especially from Alcaraz, but Djokovic has shown a fair bit of his own as well. Three-fifteen love, as we saw in a world of hurt against Hugar Runa, what a match that was yesterday. How he came through, Hugar had an opportunity to put him away, struggling, wasn't he, early in the third set, his hand quite literally shaking, he was dizzy, wasn't feeling well at all, and just found a way to hold on to his service games and eventually start to feel better in the match. It's a survival act from the defending champion. I remember 2021, you were talking about leads by three games to one, working through injuries, that match against, I think it was Taylor Fritz, extraordinary match where he had, was it the abdominal issue?

He had a little abdominal mid-match, he was two sets to love up if memory serves and then lost sets three and four. You thought, goodness me, he's done, in trouble here. Yeah, he's going out, beat Fritz 62 in the fifth. Also, the match Robbie had the pleasure of being courtside that evening with it. Rod Laver Arena was evacuated at midnight, that's right. I don't think I'll ever see that happen again, I mean, I guess never say never, but that was unusual to say the least. The curfew with regards to the pandemic coming into operation. Djokovic just has so many different ways of playing and of winning points in matches, that's what the great players do, don't they? That's why he's been able to succeed on all different surfaces, all different conditions. You know, windy, hot, cold, indoors, hard, grass, clay. Really seen him up the attacking intent in this set so far. He's contesting his 433rd Grand Slam match today, it's more than any other player ever, surpassing Roger Federer this week. Federer at 429, this is Djokovic's 433rd. Let first service, okay.

I'm not complaining about, you know, it was, or was 5 seconds late, crazy was the but I stop. I know you stopped because he stopped, you stopped because he stopped, was no machine this year. Robbie, let's been called by the umpire, and Alcaraz feeling that even as the call was a little late there and maybe reacted to Djokovic. She saw Novak not playing and then decided to call a net, that's his argument. He's not disputing that it was a let. Just going more prepared, that guy. Just the brilliance of the return from Alcaraz, I love it. For all the firepower that he possesses, it's the nuance that I find so attractive in this game. My, that's a strong game from Alcaraz, back on serve. He's just beating Djokovic there for pace, such an intelligent pass straight up the middle of the court, hard, with a decent amount of spin, just got that extra bit of quality, the ability to break Djokovic's serve, doesn't he? Three times now tonight. Time here's Colin alluded to in the break, Djokovic broken for the third time tonight, it's the most in the tournament so far. He was broken twice in his second-round match against Faria, 15 love. Watch, how's the wind down there courtside now, has it settled at all? It's still somewhat, probably a little bit more consistent without that heavy gust. I do like that first serve out wide when you're going against the breeze because with the wind coming down towards him, it actually even drags it further wide. Well, that was very uncomfortable, the movement into the forehand corner, the ball from Alcaraz wasn't even that wide relatively speaking, that was really concerning. Three-fifteen, I can tell you folks that this is an Australian Open second Tuesday night attendance record, 31,000 people came through the turnstiles this evening, it's well above the previous number of just over 20,000, just testimony to how popular this event has become. Absolutely right, and probably speaks to how eagerly anticipated this particular match has been.

For 23, you would think with the way Djokovic is moving and feeling at the moment, this has to be a must-win set for him. You know it's a very risky thing to do to rule out greats, and yes, if anyone was going to come out from two sets to love tonight, Djokovic would be in the discussion, but just the man he's up against, the quality of opposition, the intensity of the match. Another massive forehand there as he looks to find ways to be effective. I love it when Novak is almost falling off his feet when he's going forward to hit his shots, especially at backhand, he is totally committed to that strike. Haven't seen a lot of that in his opening four rounds, that was nice, lent into that one. It's brought him a break point. Conscious from Alcaraz yet again. Well, most players facing a break point and going for a drop shot like this, you'd say that is a bad decision, a risky play, but not this guy, just got that X factor, doesn't he? Complete mastery of that shot, able to disguise the forehand and pick Djokovic off to finish the job. It's wide to the forehand, looks to be giving him the most problems. Djokovic advantage physically. Speed.

That's one of the toughest shots in the book. He got a little help from the net. I can't tell you how good that was over the backhand wing. The backhand overhead, just the dexterity, the control of the racket, the strength. I completely agree, the little net cord just helped Djokovic out enough. That's tennis excellence right there. Advantage Alcaraz. Is there anything this guy can't do? Attack, defense, his power, his finesse. He can volley, and he does it all with a smile on his face. Perhaps feeling the heat, Djokovic is going for it. He's getting after Alcaraz whenever he can. Let's talk service. I tell you, for the naked eye, that looked like the quickest serve of the night. Well, not quite on the speed gun, 203, but it was out wide to the hard court, wasn't it? Which sometimes doesn't quite register as quickly on the gun. 221 is the quickest he's hit. I tell you, that was probably the best serve he's hit all night, considering it was to save a break point. I don't know about you guys, but I just get the feeling that if he can level up here, it's a big momentum switch in this match. How does he get that ball back? How is it possible? Off the return, he knows it was special. The fact that he touched the ball is remarkable, but it assisted the most incredible defensive effort from Alcaraz to hang in the point. 

Alcaraz's new ball show is stopping in so many ways. Variety is mesmerizing, and we are the beneficiaries of this beautiful tennis. Djokovic is testing out that leg, isn't he? The way he gets down with this drop shot, he's into the shot, isn't he? Breathing on that thing almost, so close to it. The feel doesn't only come from the hands; it comes from the legs. He's playing it with his full body. The drop shot. 15-love, 30-love, 40-love. He's doing an Andre Agassi here, is Djokovic. He's just playing a little quicker, isn't he? Just increasing his rhythm, hopefully taking Alcaraz out of the zone that he finds himself in that's so comfortable. Try to change the tempo of the match. 

Did you ever discuss that with any of your players if they were playing well or not? Absolutely, Robbie. You've got to create a little bit of a different tennis identity on the court in those moments. Of course, Roger's worked with the likes of Goran Ivanisevic, Gregor Dimitrov, Lleyton Hewitt. What a run by M.F. here, 38-year-old. An important hold just to keep his nose out in front to lead 4-3 in the second, first set to Djokovic. Djokovic is not 100% here, but he's hanging around, using all of his powers and skill set to stay competitive. He's got an opportunity here to squeeze Alcaraz slightly in this service game. It's Djokovic coming out to serve, 3-4, defending off break points in his previous service game. Don't give up on Djokovic just yet, that's for sure. 

Of course, Paula Badosa first up today with a major upset, taking out Coco Gauff of the USA. And Tommy Paul entertained everybody here. Irina Zelenka and Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova had an absolute humdinger. Zelenka tested to the nth degree before coming through. Love. And there it is again, moving into his forehand corner and love playing a shot that really was going to be the end of the point one way or another. He had no interest in really recovering. Forty-love. Okay, four games over. This is when things start to get interesting. Now it's the third time that Alcaraz has held to love. That was a clear message there from Juan Carlos Ferrero, wasn't it? Right here, right now. I love the way he looks down when he gives the message, almost as if to say, "I'm concentrating when I give you that message. You keep concentrating." What concentration. Focus. Sometimes that no Alcaraz has a strong point. Just the delay here as a water bottle is taken off court. Not really sure. And maybe not feeling well. Excuse me. So we thank you, ladies and gentlemen. A member of the ball crew is feeling better ASAP. 

It wasn't clean, but it was clean enough. Just coming back to the focus for Alcaraz. I'm a big believer that the magnitude of this match, the quality of the opponent, focuses his mind more so than maybe if he's got things a little more comfortable on the court. I think we see less dips just because of the moment and who he's playing. But I just guess that's a given, isn't it, with these guys when they play each other? Everything spikes. Their cleanliness of ball striking, their movement, their precision of their hitting, as well as the type of point they play. I think because of exactly that. There's a lot of seagulls around. Love of them. I think we might have had a seagull deposit. It was quickly cleaned up. Well, something different there. Alcaraz, 15. We've seen him have some success deep in the court for the second serve return. This was like a crush and rush in. He came very nearly pulled off the volley. Djokovic did well to fend that off. That was risky. He did even better to fend that point off from Alcaraz, who just continually makes things difficult. Very tough shot there from Djokovic made to look relatively easy, but I can assure you it wasn't. Fifteen. 

Returns first serve has come down quite a bit for Djokovic in the second set. It was at 40% at one stage during the opening stands. That's down to 25 now. Djokovic leads by five games to four. It's a stronghold from Djokovic. Didn't miss by much, but it was enough that allows Djokovic to lead 5-4. Right on the 19-minute mark on the change of ends, Carlos said special drink. And if you noticed that in the previous change of events, just wondering if it's something that he takes every hour and a half, just mix it with some of his water. All the players get a couple of those, don't they? He's got the different drinks there. We get lots of requests from back home, especially my daughter Grace. She loves the water bottles. I tell you, we've got a stellar collection, Colin, and it's been highly entertaining so far. And we're not done yet. Djokovic will be hoping that there's plenty of tennis to be played still, but he does have a nagging injury of sorts. Serving to stay in the set, though, Alcaraz. Wow, what's happened there? Yeah, he just got a little anxious, didn't he? Didn't get his feet up to that ball at all. This is going to be a tricky game because I haven't seen any restriction with Djokovic's movement, and you can thank you. This is going to be a tough game for Alcaraz to get through. Well, he tried to give that forehand more height and shape, Alcaraz. He did give it more height and shape, but in these conditions and especially into the breeze, it just kind of sat there for Djokovic, and didn't he take advantage? He's flushed this forehand. Those are three returns I've seen Djokovic hit in this match, consecutive returns. That was Djokovic of old here, gluing those returns to the baseline. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Djokovic's timing, his maximizing of the moment is unparalleled. He has three set points. How do you like that? A show-stopping return game, and just like that, it's a set apiece. Talk about taking your moment when it comes. Just steps in and crushes the second serve return. Djokovic, the master at managing the scoreboard. He knows better than anyone that he doesn't have to win every point. Not every shot has to be perfect. I know he was broken back, but take care of your serve, keep yourself in front on the scoreboard, and eventually the pressure will build on your opponent, and your moment will come. And when it did, he was able to take it. Look at the winners for Djokovic. I know Alcaraz has two more there, 13-11, but Djokovic hit three winners in the first set, 11 in the second. He really upped the aggression. The bit of pain in the leg forced them to, and we've got a match on our hands here. And now the contest is.

Balanced evenly, it's going to get a prickly bottom if it's not careful. 15-love. Love 3 mm in. Come on, come on, how has he gotten to that? 30-15. It's incredible speed, isn't it? And straight line speed, that was the thing with Djokovic going crosscourt there, just ridiculous the way these guys cover a tennis court. 40-15. What a period of play this has been. Djokovic wants to keep this momentum going. Two points where he's just allowed Alcaraz to hang around in the game and it's back to deuce. Djokovic, I know you get a nice side view of this, Roger, but don't you think Novak could do a little bit more of this, just ghosting in? Agree, especially with how precise he hits his groundstrokes. What we've seen in the last 10 minutes reminds me so much of what we saw in the 2019 final against Nadal. Probably the best match I've ever seen Djokovic play, certainly in a final. It was untouchable. Milan Amanovic in front, left, Gaby Philgrit, his fitness trainer on the right, of course, longtime fitness trainer. He took a break and now he's back. Charlie Gomez Herrera sitting next to Andy there, a big game coming here for Alcaraz. Both the first two sets Djokovic served first, just as he's done here in the third. And both the first two sets Alcaraz was broken in his opening service game. Another wonderful return. Djokovic is keeping the heat high here. He's looking for four games in a row. Pure perfection in accuracy. What about the left-hand at the end just to that slight angle that beats Carlos here? Nothing wrong with what Carlos did in this point. Maybe he didn't get quite the direction he wanted on the approach, but still to be able to come up with that, highly effective. It just loads all the weight on that left leg of Novak. Vintage Djokovic there. Thought he did a good backhand crosscourt and returned it with interest. Goodness me, is he hitting the ball cleanly now. He's got him with the slower ball there, 175 kilometers an hour. His average first serve speed has been 191, so really changed it up. That takes courage, doesn't it, on that point? Not to be thinking, "How can I buy a free one off the first hit?" The Quad Squad enjoyed it. Advantage Alcaraz. Oh, you get the feeling that's a very important hold for Carlos in the context of this third set. As you alluded to, Colin, one game all, the roll that Novak was on, he doesn't want to go down a break there. First time he's held for one all in a set. Just gives him a foundation, breaks the run of games against him as well. Just get the feeling that Novak is finding the length in his returns. He's finding that sweet spot in the strings even better now. Players are certainly of all the matches that I've done of his, this is the best ball striking by a long, long way. I think he's borrowed that one off Kos there, best buddies now. I'm a big fan of the big second serve, you know, just scattered into your variation, anything that keeps the returner guessing. And then on with you, Robbie, I think every second serve return for Carlos, he should be back 100%. So much more damaging from back there. He is middling the ball at the moment, Djokovic. What an ambassador he has been for his country and fiercely protected of his own people, clearly evident this week. Of course, he wouldn't do a post-match interview because of what one of the journalists did during a news session. Please, you felt he was mocking his fans. I don't care if they mock me, but they'll mock my fans. And of course, the journalist had to then apologize to Novak. It's added a bit of fuel to his fire, hasn't it? I think it has. Wasn't having any of it, a very principled individual. He's up 2-1 in this third set. I don't know about you guys, but I feel like I want to take a pause now. Where we are, here we go. But of course, you can't, right? That's where you cannot. I think a mere mortal, you rest up here, you get broken, you need a snack or something. Well, we can just have a look here as the players change ends, the Alcaraz serve placement. And there's no doubt Djokovic is returning very well now, but Alcaraz's first serve percentage is healthy for the match, 72%. But the accuracy could still be better, a little bit scattered with the placement there. Yeah, and I think that's why he's struggling behind the first serve effectiveness. In the second set, we've seen Alcaraz have a couple of tough service games of late. Serve doesn't quite have the accuracy, it's not as deep in the box. And if you have a look at the opening set, he was winning 76% of the points behind his first serve. Second set, only 67%. I think that accuracy is starting to hurt him now, Colin. Just tennis intelligence right there. He loves to play those soft touch games, doesn't he? There's videos all over the internet of Djokovic playing. It's become known as the Djokovic game, hasn't it? Where you've got to bounce the ball on your own side first in the service boxes. But it's all working on these soft skills, ability to manipulate the racket. He's coming after the Alcaraz serve again here. Spaniard hardly getting a free point with his serve. The ball's coming fast off his racket, right out the middle. He's in the zone right now. There's no doubt about that. And Carlos is finding it hard to find a way to work his way through. Love the way he's standing. He's been in that position ready to return. He looks about 10 feet tall right now. Time violation warning. Thought about it, obviously. Carlos sensing the moment there. Just trying to take a little bit of extra time, but of course, rightly getting a time violation. Even as a keen mo on it, got to be fair to both players. Momentum is with Novak. Short experience beyond his years there, Alcaraz, in just taking his time, taking the time violation. Brilliant combination here again of the drop shot crosscourt pass. Of course, if he gets another time violation, he'll lose his first serve going forward. That's a forehand that has sunk into his strings. I can tell you now that Djokovic has faced break points three of his last four service games. Now it's going back to the second. Oh, he had a decent look at it. He loved that shot, didn't he? And he knows that Novak Djokovic is more than capable of making that one. He knew it was going there. Credit Alcaraz, who hit a pretty high-quality shot, but you expected Djokovic to at least make him play in that moment. Oh, that hook forehand crosscourt of Murray's. He paid for some nice real estate in England over the years. That's a joke of a forehand. Advantage Alcaraz. These opening two service games of Carlos have been so crucial. Two games all. They just find a way, don't they? Yeah, these are two very tough holds of serve, significant holds of serve. It's not just about the highlight reel and hitting winners. It's between the ears as well, and this guy has shown real character early in this third set. 162 points played in total now. 81 all. Carlos just can't get a count, can he? Can't buy that first point to create a little bit of tension on the Novak serve at the moment. He's given the fake there. Saw a few of those in the Legends match a little earlier today. Has taken matters into his own hands there with the crowd. I think it's one of his supporters because he just, for favor, asking for quiet, please, in Spanish. It's always a skill.

To say I've got this, yeah, let me show you. 3-15, that famous chat with Tony Nadal and Rafa when they had to go for a rain delay at Wimbledon. Uncle Tony was so nervous, and the ref had to say to him, "Don't worry, I've got it." The epic against Roger, he came back and won his first Wimbledon. Uncle Tony was panicking. Jo is in full flow. 14-15, kept that volley nice and simple, did just enough to keep control of the point. He's become so effective at the net, yep, throughout the course of his career. Playable since winning that second set, his 300th here at the Australian Open. Djokovic is looking awfully good.

What a sight, what a sporting precinct, what an event. And that's what they're playing for, to get their hands on the Norman Brooks Challenge Cup, Australia's first Wimbledon champion. Ion alongside Rafael Nadal. This man is going to need some wizardry this evening, no question about that if he wants to get by Djokovic. 15-love, this 15, no. I do think if there were Harry Potter characters, Carlos would be Harry, Novak would be Dumbledore. What a tennis nation. What about C? Well, there's an obvious look-alike, isn't there, with the hair? No kidding, he's got to be Ron. I don't know if that's doing a disservice in terms of his magical powers or not. Let's do some service, need to read up on the series. Oh, it's brilliant. He needs a few of those aces, some unreturned serves, he needs some oxygen in this match, a couple of more comfortable holds, thank you.

For 2-3. T is a little tired, just past 11:30 local time. Think we like to step late for special occasions, aren't you always? And this is a very special occasion, that's for sure. Just when you thought Alcaraz was going to hold with an element of comfort, he's pegged back to deuce here. That's loose, looking for the big second into the body, but just lost the trajectory. Now, five out of his last six service games, including this one, that Alcaraz has faced break points. Djokovic took advantage of it, glorious choreography of how he has played this game for nearly two decades. By four games to two, just goes into lockdown mode, starts with an incredible return of the first serve. How often have we seen him do that against opponents, suffocating them into submission? And you can't say it hasn't been coming, just mentioned that the run of games where he's had break points, it's a real blow for Alcaraz though, having led 4-0, he must have felt like he was starting to weather the storm. Just when you're relaxed, maybe just a slight dip in focus costing him there. Love-15, and the other part to that is when Novak's in these moves, his emotional calm is, I mean, it's so level when he's in these pockets of time where he's almost impliable. And I think Roger, I would argue that he practices his mental training more than most, and I think that's why he's able to get into those stages and probably stay in them a little longer more than most. Please, 14, Wawrinka right off on the baseline for that second serve return. No surprise to see Djokovic go for the fast one first and second, and please stop when the players are ready to serve, thank you. It is a surprise to see him miss. 15-40, not out of the woods yet, two saved, one remaining. Al without a doubt, the forehand stroke game we've seen in a while from Carlos, and he's right back in this third set. Set, oh, what a twist there, almost like a bit of frustration, almost anger. The first couple of points, really let some forehands go. All of a sudden, we're back on serve in this third set. That's the point that just got him out of position, the shot, I should say, four down the line. He wasn't sure if he was coming in or not, Djokovic, and from then on in the rally, he was just half a step behind, couldn't play catch-up time.

That was in the change ends, Novak exchanging some words with his coach. Both players now, they have been broken four times each this evening. Oh, missed it. Just to put that into context, coming into the quarterfinals, Alcaraz was broken three times, Djokovic five times. Man, a good anticipation there, good stab volley, but definitely wide. Come on, how's that return? Love-30. It's the depth, isn't it, that forces Alcaraz to take some real risks on the forehand, just dragged it wide. Yeah, but did he need to? And that's the point, this is where he blows a couple of points, I think that hurt him in these matches. Didn't need to be hitting the out right there. Djokovic, again, very loose game here, and the returning from Novak in the set has been at stratospheric levels. When he's got his racket on the ball, first and second serves, he's only missed three returns this entire set, thank you. Game, what a forehand there's a two-the-party. Djokovic leads by five games to three, the depth is back, and it's back in a big way, sending his fans into a frenzy. Thank you, serving for a two-sets-to-one lead. Let second service, love-15. Can tell you, playing on a hard court, losing the first point, chances of holding serve go down by about 27%. What a magnificent change of pace, you just don't know what's coming next, do you? Such a loose service game, okay, Djokovic, an outstanding final point to break, and then all of a sudden, just a moment of brilliance again. Rare occasion we've seen the backhand drop shot tonight, vast majority have been on the forehand, pure perfection. 15-30, well, he's persisted, but trying to hug the baseline for the second serve return. Djokovic gets him there with that fast second serve that he loves, 184 kilometers an hour, it's very tough to move in and time that, thank you. He's just so plugged in right now. 4-0, set point for Djokovic to take a two-sets-to-one lead. Oh, Djokovic by three. Well, even by Djokovic's standards, it is simply stunning, leads by two sets to one, two sets to one lead in the bank. Djokovic is loving this, he's up at a bottle of vintage, and he's orchestrating this crowd after the controversy of recent days as well, almost pointing as if to say, "This is for all of you." This master class set are putting on, and I think Alcaraz started to cramp at the end of that point. Yeah, he looked like he's feeling some discomfort, didn't he? Yeah, he was almost looking across the net in admiration at what Djokovic produced there. Look at the second serve points won, huge differential there, Djokovic winning 64% despite a couple of double faults. Alcaraz just 29, he is really struggling to defend his second serve. The first set where Djokovic has hit more winners than the Spaniard. I mean, look at the depth again, both players at the end of their physical limits right here, but you just keep pushing and pushing, just go into that dark space, but that's where you need the mind control, and Djokovic has got it in spades. What a way to win, 5-15, left seven more to go, some of them carrying rotting to say with ACC, you did get some cramp at the end of that during that last point. See whether there's any flare-up, or that was just a split moment. Big game here for him too, because Novak will be pressing, he can see a little bit of an opportunity mentally. 15-all, and that third set, it was actually fairly convincing, I felt, for Djokovic. He was well on top, just one service game where Alcaraz sort of came out swinging, broke back for 4-3, but other than that, it was just Djokovic holding pretty well. Relentless pressure on the Alcaraz serve, he was well on top. He's everywhere right now. Well, these are amazing points for us to watch, of course they are, but is this Alcaraz maybe just running out of ideas? We're seeing everything here, and as you say, Robbie, Djokovic has got all the answers. That might be only the fourth or fifth, by my calculation, return that he's missed since the start of the third set. That's how good it's been. He still got one more here. First game, fourth set, this is quite extraordinary. Djokovic been broken to the third straight service game, that's the sixth tonight. Just have a look here, this what happened at.

At the end of that enormous rally, he sat down and then had to quickly get up again because I think there was a bit of cramp, looks like in the right leg, the right hip area maybe the glute, and those glutes are Maximus, aren't they? It's pretty significant. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Love 15. I think this is where we could see Alcaraz now really starting to unload on everything. The previous game, the last four and almost just felt like, well, maybe not his will have been broken but certainly significantly damaged. And you're right, I think he may just start to open his shoulders and really start to have a swing here. That can happen when a player is struggling behind in a match like this, and you're almost sort of just letting go of the outcome for a while and just saying, "I'm going to have a swing here. It feels like it's going against me anyway, so I might as well throw caution to the wind and see what can happen." Two sets to one breakdown, he's got to find something. 40-15. Thank you. Oh, that is out of order, that shot. Exquisite. What Novak Djokovic's serve has been so good. So good in the last decade or so. It's one of the reasons that he's been able to go so deep at so many of these majors. And if he's able to win tonight, it'll be the 50th Grand Slam semifinal, which will be the most amongst the men in the singles category. It was Roger at 46, Novak now the overwhelming favorite. But got to give a shout out to Chris Evert. If you think Novak's numbers are good, Chris Evert participated in 56 majors in her career. She made the semifinals or better in 52 of them. That's just a joke, isn't it? All but four in her career, she doesn't make the semifinals or better. I'm not sure those numbers will ever be beaten. We often forget some of the numbers she posted on clay. She was an absolute warrior, a maven. But just let that sink in. If Djokovic wins here, 50 out of 77 majors, he'll have made the semifinal. It's mind-boggling, isn't it? Of course, he's going for his 25th Grand Slam title. I can't help but think the nighttime conditions have suited him in this matchup. You know, with still a bit of speed in the court, but the ball not jumping around as much as it would have in the heat of the day, the afternoon. I mean, he has just been locked in, certainly the last two and a half sets. It's very difficult for Alcaraz to get the ball out of his hitting zone tonight. That's the first one he's got wrong, but he won't mind 'cause he leads by two sets to one and a break in the fourth. Cor must feel an enormous amount of relief in this change of ends because it's the first time I'm facing a break point since the eighth game of the second set. Talk about hard work. That's still draining, isn't it? Thank you. Ben Shelton now the last remaining man in the draw, American man. Thanks, Colin. Of course, the Americans started with the most number, tied with the Aussies. 14 of them started. Where did this come from? Shaky double there from Djokovic, just the third in the match. Another rally drenched in quality. 21 high-quality shots. It's ball striking of the very highest order from both men. And the most impressive part about this is that the breeze is going down towards Novak's side, so he's pressing not only the strength and the power of Alcaraz's game, but also working against the breeze. It's not sure if you guys have been on this court when it's a little windy, it's tough down there. So this is extremely impressive from Novak. Game two of eight. Novak almost laughing towards his camp. How about that? Everything's going my way now. But for me, that's just the most brilliant shot. I think he deliberately gives that a bit of air over the backhand wing, knowing that Alcaraz was coming forward, knowing that that would make life difficult for him. Alcaraz hesitated, left it, and not even he could recover. Yeah, I think you're bang on. If he gives him that ball sort of between waist and shoulder height, I think he moves across and crunches a volley. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Maybe he's looking at that as one of your shots there, one of those ones that you hustle back into play. Borrowed that one from you. Please, sir, service. Please. It's a PlayStation tennis, just pinging around. Both of them taking a l... Ladies and gentlemen, please do not disturb the players like that. Thank you. Left time Alcaraz has whistled. The joy strick from Djokovic. I'm taking control now for a while. No guessing every which way in this rally. Beautiful extension through the forehead for TB. New balls, please. Well, speedy hold. Just what Alcaraz needed to stay in touch in this fourth by three games to two. Oh, one of the problems in that third set was the lack of free points on serve. Just testimony to how many returns Djokovic was putting in play. Only missing three. But also look at the trend, look at the pattern. So many deep into the backhand corner. We identified that in the first set where Alcaraz was hitting 100% of first shots after a serve with his forehand. Djokovic has not just been consistent, he's been accurate. A master class in returning serve, really. And even the ones that he has missed, he has at least got them over the net. So he's taken the end out of play completely. There we've seen plenty of those, almost three hours in the making. I'll tell you what, the fans here have been treated to some champagne tennis at times. Most of it has been coming from Novak. He's been striking early in the sets, just trying to maintain his lead here. He's got some new balls serving with the wind at his back. It's okay to stand up on the baseline on the second serve, but the problem is the way Novak's striking the ball at the moment, you get caught out on the next shot, and then you're in defense mode halfway through the rally. Not a great option. Yeah, surprising that he's almost exclusively stood up as well. There hasn't really been much variety. Time we've seen plenty of those, almost three hours in the making. I'll tell you what, the fans here have been treated to some champagne tennis at times. Most of it has been coming from Novak. He's been striking early in the sets, just trying to maintain his lead here. He's got some new balls serving with the wind at his back. It's okay to stand up on the baseline on the second serve, but the problem is the way Novak's striking the ball at the moment, you get caught out on the next shot, and then you're in defense mode halfway through the rally. Not a great option. Yeah, surprising that he's almost exclusively stood up as well. There hasn't really been much variety. Time we've seen plenty of those, almost three hours in the making. I'll tell you what, the fans here have been treated to some champagne tennis at times. Most of it has been coming from Novak. He's been striking early in the sets, just trying to maintain his lead here. He's got some new balls serving with the wind at his back. It's okay to stand up on the baseline on the second serve, but the problem is the way Novak's striking the ball at the moment, you get caught out on the next shot, and then you're in defense mode halfway through the rally. Not a great option. Yeah, surprising that he's almost exclusively stood up as well. There hasn't really been much variety. Time we've seen plenty of those, almost three hours in the making. I'll tell you what, the fans here have been treated to some champagne tennis at times. Most of it has been coming from Novak. He's been striking early in the sets, just trying to maintain his lead here. He's got some new balls serving with the wind at his back. It's okay to stand up on the baseline on the second serve, but the problem is the way Novak's striking the ball at the moment, you get caught out on the next shot, and then you're in defense mode halfway through the rally. Not a great option. Yeah, surprising that he's almost exclusively stood up as well. There hasn't really been much variety. Time we've seen plenty of those, almost three hours in the making. I'll tell you what, the fans here have been treated to some champagne tennis at times. Most of it has been coming from Novak. He's been striking early in the sets, just trying to maintain his lead here. He's got some new balls serving with the wind at his back. It's okay to stand up on the baseline on the second serve, but the problem is the way Novak's striking the ball at the moment, you get caught out on the next shot, and then you're in defense mode halfway through the rally. Not a great option. Yeah, surprising that he's almost exclusively stood up as well. There hasn't really been much variety. Time we've seen plenty of those, almost three hours in the making. I'll tell you what, the fans here have been treated to some champagne tennis at times. Most of it has been coming from Novak. He's been striking early in the sets, just trying to maintain his lead here. He's got some new balls serving with the wind at his back. It's okay to stand up on the baseline on the second serve, but the problem is the way Novak's striking the ball at the moment, you get caught out on the next shot, and then you're in defense mode halfway through the rally. Not a great option. Yeah, surprising that he's almost exclusively stood up as well. There hasn't really been much variety. Time we've seen plenty of those, almost three hours in the making. I'll tell you what, the fans here have been treated to some champagne tennis at times. Most of it has been coming from Novak. He's been striking early in the sets, just trying to maintain his lead here. He's got some new balls serving with the wind at his back. It's okay to stand up on the baseline on the second serve, but the problem is the way Novak's striking the ball at the moment, you get caught out on the next shot, and then you're in defense mode halfway through the rally. Not a great option. Yeah, surprising that he's almost exclusively stood up as well. There hasn't really been much variety. Time we've seen plenty of those, almost three hours in the making. I'll tell you what, the fans here have been treated to some champagne tennis at times. Most of it has been coming from Novak. He's been striking early in the sets, just trying to maintain his lead here. He's got some new balls serving with the wind at his back. It's okay to stand up on the baseline on the second serve, but the problem is the way Novak's striking the ball at the moment, you get caught out on the next shot, and then you're in defense mode halfway through the rally. Not a great option. Yeah, surprising that he's almost exclusively stood up as well. There hasn't really been much variety. Time we've seen plenty of those, almost three hours in the making. I'll tell you what, the fans here have been treated to some champagne tennis at times. Most of it has been coming from Novak. He's been striking early in the sets, just trying to maintain his lead here. He's got some new balls serving with the wind at his back. It's okay to stand up on the baseline on the second serve, but the problem is the way Novak's striking the ball at the moment, you get caught out on the next shot, and then you're in defense mode halfway through the rally. Not a great option. Yeah, surprising that he's almost exclusively stood up as well. There hasn't really been much variety. Time we've seen plenty of those, almost three hours in the making. I'll tell you what, the fans here have been treated to some champagne tennis at times. Most of it has been coming from Novak. He's been striking early in the sets, just trying to maintain his lead here. He's got some new balls serving with the wind at his back. It's okay to stand up on the baseline on the second serve, but the problem is the way Novak's striking the ball at the moment, you get caught out on the next shot, and then you're in defense mode halfway through the rally. Not a great option. Yeah, surprising that he's almost exclusively stood up as well. There hasn't really been much variety. Time we've seen plenty of those, almost three hours in the making. I'll tell you what, the fans here have been treated to some champagne tennis at times. Most of it has been coming from Novak. He's been striking early in the sets, just trying to maintain his lead here. He's got some new balls serving with the wind at his back. It's okay to stand up on the baseline on the second serve, but the problem is the way Novak's striking the ball at the moment, you get caught out on the next shot, and then you're in defense mode halfway through the rally. Not a great option. Yeah, surprising that he's almost exclusively stood up as well. There hasn't really been much variety. Time we've seen plenty of those, almost three hours in the making. I'll tell you what, the fans here have been treated to some champagne tennis at times. Most of it has been coming from Novak. He's been striking early in the sets, just trying to maintain his lead here. He's got some new balls serving with the wind at his back. It's okay to stand up on the baseline on the second serve, but the problem is the way Novak's striking the ball at the moment, you get caught out on the next shot, and then you're in defense mode halfway through the rally. Not a great option. Yeah, surprising that he's almost exclusively stood up as well. There hasn't really been much variety. Time we've seen plenty of those, almost three hours in the making. I'll tell you what, the fans here have been treated to some champagne tennis at times. Most of it has been coming from Novak. He's been striking early in the sets, just trying to maintain his lead here. He's got some new balls serving with the wind at his back. It's okay to stand up on the baseline on the second serve, but the problem is the way Novak's striking the ball at the moment, you get caught out on the next shot, and then you're in defense mode halfway through the rally. Not a great option. Yeah, surprising that he's almost exclusively stood up as well. There hasn't really been much variety. Time we've seen plenty of those, almost three hours in the making. I'll tell you what, the fans here have been treated to some champagne tennis at times. Most of it has been coming from Novak. He's been striking early in the sets, just trying to maintain his lead here. He's got some new balls serving with the wind at his back. It's okay to stand up on the baseline on the second serve, but the problem is the way Novak's striking the ball at the moment, you get caught out on the next shot, and then you're in defense mode halfway through the rally. Not a great option. Yeah, surprising that he's almost exclusively stood up as well. There hasn't really been much variety. Time we've seen plenty of those, almost three hours in the making. I'll tell you what, the fans here have been treated to some champagne tennis at times. Most of it has been coming from Novak. He's been striking early in the sets, just trying to maintain his lead here. He's got some new balls serving with the wind at his back. It's okay to stand up on the baseline on the second serve, but the problem is the way Novak's striking the ball at the moment, you get caught out on the next shot, and then you're in defense mode halfway through the rally. Not a great option. Yeah, surprising that he's almost exclusively stood up as well. There hasn't really been much variety. Time we've seen plenty of those, almost three hours in the making. I'll tell you what, the fans here have been treated to some champagne tennis at times. Most of it has been coming from Novak. He's been striking early in the sets, just trying to maintain his lead here. He's got some new balls serving with the wind at his back. It's okay to stand up on the baseline on the second serve, but the problem is the way Novak's striking the ball at the moment, you get caught out on the next shot, and then you're in defense mode halfway through the rally. Not a great option. Yeah, surprising that he's almost exclusively stood up as well. There hasn't really been much variety. Time we've seen plenty of those, almost three hours in the making. I'll tell you what, the fans here have been treated to some champagne tennis at times. Most of it has been coming from Novak. He's been striking early in the sets, just trying to maintain his lead here. He's got some new balls serving with the wind at his back. It's okay to stand up on the baseline on the second serve, but the problem is the way Novak's striking the ball at the moment, you get caught out on the next shot, and then you're in defense mode halfway through the rally. Not a great option. Yeah, surprising that he's almost exclusively stood up as well. There hasn't really been much variety. Time we've seen plenty of those, almost three hours in the making. I'll tell you what, the fans here have been treated to some champagne tennis at times. Most of it has been coming from Novak. He's been striking early in the sets, just trying to maintain his lead here. He's got some new balls serving with the wind at his back. It's okay to stand up on the baseline on the second serve, but the problem is the way Novak's striking the ball at the moment, you get caught out on the next shot, and then you're in defense mode halfway through the rally. Not a great option. Yeah, surprising that he's almost exclusively stood up as well. There hasn't really been much variety. Time we've seen plenty of those

Previous round, we saw a recurring theme from this end of the court as well. Much better toss there, able to go up and attack the serve, get the net clear. He actually saw that coming, yeah, he was on his bike before Alcaraz hit the drop shot. But a recurrence when he couldn't find the right shot in the big moment. Just watch how quickly Djokovic starts spinning forward here just before Alcaraz hits his drop shot. Must have too much time to think about this. Wow, what time to produce a second serve of that quality, astonishing. Advantage Djokovic. There are lots of guys who have quick first serves, but it's the accuracy you've highlighted on many occasions. Just precision. I think he may be there, a bit surprised. Interesting, let's just keep an eye on. He was walking gingerly up to that to receive the ball and up to that line, Robbie. Okay, an absolute screamer and Alcaraz wants this Rod Laver Arena crowd back on his side. And this is how to win the over, devastating forehand there. Thank you. Let for service, just small things like that let Djokovic just to get his breath back after that last rally, a little bit of extra recovery time. Talk about small nuances making such a big difference. Advantage we saw in the Cuna match as well, right? Getting a second reprieve when the little net hook snapped allowed him more time to recover. That took about 15 minutes to finally fix. Not often you see dead leg cords like that. Well, could that be a point and a big slice of luck for Alcaraz that we'll look back upon? If that falls back on the Spaniard's side, it's 4-2 Djokovic and he's well on his way. Thank you. Quiet please. And again, he's had some stern words with his camp and obviously one callous. I think it's all about the return of serve. He's persisting, he's up on the baseline, but it's not working, Djokovic. In many ways tonight, the biggest difference between the two has been serve and return. I'm telling you, I can't believe he's not making the adjustment. Guys, cannot believe it. I mean, through the first, didn't we? Yeah, agree, Rob. I'm actually staggered that he hasn't just felt that, you know, you'd have to be able to feel that you're not making inroads from that position of the court. And also as a coach, sometimes when you're involved in the match, you don't feel it. The coach from the outside looking in. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Mind, Carlos. I mean, we obviously respect his talent and his eye, but maybe he's just, you know, also stubborn. I'm thinking, I'm just going to crash through, okay? Yeah, possibly something they've worked on in the offseason. And ladies and gentlemen, they're sticking with it. Quiet when the players are ready. 15-love. Get that left hand involved, he's saying. That's what creates the spin on the backhand. 40-15. Got a bit of skills. I think it's in the Spaniard's DNA that one. Another drop shot is without a doubt in Alcaraz's DNA, but he's faltered here and he can ill afford to be broken. Tell you what, right now, Djokovic can see that finishing line in the distance. The vice-like grip tightens from Djokovic. He's just squeezing Alcaraz here. He knows the young Spaniard is on the edge. A monumental point, please. Oh, that is beyond special. Both players bleeding themselves dry to win. What a moment. A better point you could not wish to see. Yes. Yes, throwing haymaker after haymaker at each other and somehow Al is able to survive. It's the sort of point that just has the potential to change things here. Yeah, no kidding. And the reaction from Alcaraz ignited the crowd. Alcaraz is sticking around. What a contest. They've both become human highlights real. 4-3 for 6. And look at these scenes. If Alcaraz loses that point, the match is over. You know, 99 times out of 100. And yet here he is, somehow he's won it. He's held serve and he's pumping his fist, feeling like he's right back in this thing. And you just wonder, what has that taken out of Djokovic physically and mentally? He'll use this change of ends to just get his heart rate back down, calm his emotions. He's still just two holds of serve away from the semifinals. This is, well, there is something special about this. And he's coming from behind. It's going to require a Zen-like finish because I can tell you, since winning the first set 6-4, Alcaraz has never been ahead. He hasn't been ahead in the second, the third, or the fourth sets at any point. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. He's still down a break. Thank you. As well as he played in his last service game, please. It hasn't moved Chang down here. No looking for a serve volley point off the first ball. But how about Carlos, still behind but revving himself up as if he's about to win this match. It's extraordinary. His attitude, first class. Please, it's love 1. It's the Spaniard's turn to enjoy a little bit of wind in their sails. He's finding something from deep within here, Alcaraz, and he's got some real belief at this stage. Now, Djokovic needs a first serve urgently. How about that, 15-1? Well, we don't see it with huge regularity, but for me, that backhand down the line is one of the shots Djokovic will always be remembered for. No kidding. Please, please, ladies and gentlemen, that's enough. Remember like yesterday, can 2007, being the top three players in the world to win the title there, back-to-back matches. It's changing of directions. It was a joke. Alcaraz is trying to beat down Djokovic's door. And once again, he makes him pay for missing a first serve. And is it just starting to look like there's 15 years and 349 days between them? Alcaraz certainly the more energized at this stage. What an initial backhand Novak played off the first ball. That was, he was wanting to take full control. There's the forehand from Carlos, but that was outstanding. As good a ball as you can hit to keep control of the rally. And they make it look so normal, don't they, Rob? They do it so often, take it for granted. Still another break point though for the Spaniard. Let for service. Such clarity of thought under pressure. Yes, and the safety of his volley here, Robbie. How good his volleys improved over his journey. Doesn't get enough credit for his hands. It's just the fourth time he's volleyed tonight, first time in this set. Context matters, doesn't it? What a time to do it. Oopsie. That's no coincidence. Suddenly starts making first serves. The point just a strength there on the left toe. He's tough. Djokovic ever closer to the finishing line. Seats, please. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This is what they came to see. Their man, please. Ladies and gentlemen, please. 15-love. Well, that's how you hit a return if you're going to stand up on the baseline for a second serve, crunched into the corner. Please, 30-15. These kind of service games have been few and far between for Alcaraz since the start of the second set. Most of the holds have been hard to come by. And after the break, Djokovic will have a chance to serve for a place in his 50th semifinal at a major. What do you make of what you've seen from Alcaraz today, Colin? Well, we've spoken a lot this tournament about the work he's done in the preseason, particularly around the serve. First serve percentage has been good, 74% for the match. I still think there's a ways to go for him in terms of the accuracy of that delivery and indeed improving his second serve. I think his second serve return, which he's clearly made a commitment to taking up on the baseline on hard court, hasn't worked for him tonight. Back to the drawing board there. And ultimately, he's been outplayed to this point by Djokovic. Djokovic is looking for major number 25. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. It'll be a very important step on the path to achieving that. 15-love. Just has to go into play at the very least. What a gift. Just what.

If you're Novak Djokovic, you'd want to know about the tension he's feeling about his serve. Djokovic asked Andy in the group for advice on what to do with his arm, and they suggested keeping it up. Djokovic made a subtle genius move by hitting a backhand shot instead of the obvious cross-court forehand shot, showing his skill and strategy. The match lasted 3 hours and 36 minutes of high-octane tennis, with Djokovic ultimately winning in four sets.

Novak Djokovic's performance was compelling, commanding, and cunning, as he defeated Carlos Alcaraz in the quarterfinals. Djokovic's experience and skill were evident as he embraced the challenge and dominated the match. Despite his physical struggles, Djokovic's mental strength and focus helped him secure the victory. Djokovic's pursuit of a 25th Grand Slam title at the Australian Open showcased his exceptional talent and determination.

Djokovic expressed his respect and admiration for Carlos Alcaraz, acknowledging his opponent's achievements and competitive spirit. Djokovic highlighted the epic nature of the match and the support from the fans, making it a memorable experience for everyone involved. Djokovic's ability to overcome challenges and adapt his game, similar to his performance in 2023 when he suffered an injury, demonstrated his mental resilience and strategic approach to the game.

Looking ahead to the semifinals against Sasha Zverev, Djokovic emphasized the importance of recovery and preparation. With an extra day off before the next match, Djokovic aimed to focus on his recovery to face Zverev at his best. Djokovic recognized the significance of mental strength and aggression in high-level matches, acknowledging the intensity and competitive nature of facing top opponents like Zverev. Djokovic's experience and determination positioned him as a formidable contender in his pursuit of further Grand Slam success.

Going to be good enough on Friday. Hopefully, I can come out and feel my best because Sasha is playing some of the best tennis he has played. We have an agreement that as long as I play, he's going to let me win Grand Slam matches. Well, it's all settled then. Congratulations on the run to the finals. Novak Djokovic is incredible once again.