Against Tien for a place in the third round, Eric comes from rich coaching stock. It's very much in his DNA; his dad was a standout coach at the University of Georgia, the Bulldogs, for many years. On the left, my good friend, Kent, proud to call Kent Caner a friend. Good to have him back in Australia after a couple of years. He's a very good player in his own right. That's Kent on the left. He's a big boy; in his time, he was one of the tallest. These days, I'm not so sure if he'd hold that mantle; they seem to be getting bigger. That was Eric just to his right. To his left, to our right if we're looking at the screen, excuse me. Do you think we need to settle in, Robbie? Is it too early to suggest that? It looks like there's going to be a few of those. One of Tien's greatest strengths is that he doesn't give away too many free points. You don't win 28 matches in a row from Futures and through Challenger level if you make unforced errors. Three Futures, two challenges, plus a semi-final in the third Challenger constituted that 28-win streak from late May till the middle of July. That's the best way to get confidence in a rally like that. But what I'm really meaning is winning all those matches back to back; that will just boost your confidence immeasurably. You start believing you can play against players of a higher ranking. Good start for the American, a confident start. Speaking of confident Americans, now's a good time to throw down to our good friend, Nick Monro, who is courtside. Thanks for joining us, Nick. Robie and Fitzy, thanks for having me. It's always fun to be on a call with you guys. These guys have already settled in this first game, and you talk about confidence. You all have been talking about the number of matches that Learner Tien has won. When he walked on this court, I just felt a sense of confidence within him. I think a lot of that had to go to his preseason training. He was training in Carson, California, at the USA facility with Taylor Fritz, Alex Mikkelson, Marcos Gon Zach, Vaida. So, he had a lot of the top players there that he was training with throughout the preseason, and I think that gives players confidence just doing that. It's massive in our sport, isn't it? If you can practice with guys that are better than you, and especially of that ilk. We know what a year Fritz had in 2024; it's a massive bonus. I think part of the problem is with so many different academies that they have these days, the talent pool for me gets diluted too much. I think that was one of the great things about the Botter Academy in the early days; it was the only one. Everybody went, everybody practiced, and greatness, I think, makes people even better. He got him while he was vulnerable; he was on his back. It was quite humane though, wasn't it? Yeah, it's well cushioned there within the tile. So next, I think getting all the guys together at Carson, one, maybe two practice venues, Carson and Orlando, brilliant, right? Going back to Eric Diaz, Eric Dias has done a lot of work with Alex Mikkelson and Learner Tien both. So, Learner Tien, I think, is getting confidence from that. I think Learner's getting confidence from the number of matches that Alex Mikkelson is winning as well, right? Seeing your good buddy who you're used to training with day in and day out, and you start to feel like, hey man, I can do this as well. We call this indirect wins; well, I beat you in practice, and you beat Fitzy, so therefore I can really beat Fitzy. Well, he didn't need an indirect win to work that out. I did good stuff once. I did play Fitzy once; I must tell you, Nick, in qualifiers at Wimbledon, and Fitzy was already in, he was top seed, and there were lucky losers. Irrespective of whether he won or lost to me, he was going to be in, and I thought he was going to throw me a bone. But you know how these tough old aces are, right? Yeah, I mean, he's a champion, right? Champs don't want to just give things away. I mean, come on, Robbie, he's not going to just throw you a bone like that. That was my chance to get into the main draw. Throw a bone; that's a great old saying. Is that a South African one, or is that Australian? I think it's universal, from Texas, baby, throw a bone. I haven't watched a lot of Learner play in the last two years, 18 months. I watched him in the finals of the Juniors at the US Open, him and Vona, and he was definitely a lot more underpowered. I'm liking what I'm seeing already, Fitzy. He lost to Vona in that US Open junior boys final, but his legs have gotten stronger. He doesn't look rushed at all here; he looks quite relaxed and playing within himself. Well, that's a good sign for me, play at one pace and then accelerate out of nowhere. Hey guys, it's pretty cool down here, you know, we looked at the temperature, about 64°F, and it's playing pretty slow. I think that's why Learner Tien just seems like he's well within his realm right now, and he's staying on that baseline. He doesn't look rushed at all. Born in Irvine, California, to Vietnamese parents, was Learner, just a couple of miles away from where my beautiful wife Jenny and I used to live. Where was that? Newport Beach, California. He's going to be tough to beat, isn't he? If not tonight, in the near future, I would think. He doesn't miss much, good timing. You can see the ball coming off the middle of the racket, and he plays with ease, very clean technique, understands his left in so well. He's okay with nothing else. Medvedev, great anticipation there, but it was a mistake from the young American here. Should he have let that one bounce, perhaps? I mean, he's guessed twice. Well, he needed peripheral vision there, Rob; he didn't need to hit before he hit that volley. Medvedev was already two or three steps on his way away; he needed to be able to change mid-stroke. Oh, that is so clever, stepped wider to hit the serve, and I thought for sure he was going to go with the curveball out wide, did the exact opposite, some nice pace on it too. What a competitor, though, Medvedev is. You know, it seems like Learner is making most of the plays here. Medvedev hasn't been noticed much, and yet he's at break point. Okay, at game points, that Medvedev twice on could prove crucial. He's off to a flyer, 2-1 first set. What an entertaining start already, had a couple of lengthy exchanges, both players moving the ball around the court magnificently. Safar in the front there, of course, J. Simon, who is now co-coaching with Sara. I think it was this court where J. Simon played an epic match against Novak. I remember commentating on it; Novak beat him in five sets. But on the way to the victory, Novak made 104 errors. Simo could do that to you, drive you delirious. That's Eric Hernandez, front right, strength and conditioning coach of Daniil Medvedev. It's been pretty much unchanged until Jil Simon came on board. Takes that backhand early, very simple with the way he hits the ball. Seems like his margin for error is great because of his technical simplicity. He knows where his racket face is, doesn't he? Learner to Medvedev is a wonderful player. I mean, I thought Learner there deserved almost to win that point after accelerating on the backhand. Here, he changed the pace of the ball, and Medvedev, with such control, just keeps it in on the line. Basically enjoyed that one. Oh, that's a good sign right there, finishing at the net with considerable applause. J. Simon actually started what we thought was officially a year ago, about 2024 February time, but we did find out midway through the season that he had actually started in December before, sneaky. Yes, practicing behind closed doors, were they? They were, and of course, he enjoyed a good run to the finals here last year, did Medvedev.

I think that's a great thing. They weren't practicing behind closed doors. I love that. I reckon that's what Nick Monroe would have done. I'd like to see Learner Tien and Daniil Medvedev like what we just saw. For him to close out that last service game by coming to the net. In his previous match, he was 15 of 30 on net points, so only 50%, but coming in 30 times, that's a lot for Daniil Medvedev. That's what I think he's been wanting to improve with Gilles Simon and Gilles Cervara. One thing that I really like from Learner Tien so far in this match is just really holding his ground, staying on that baseline. Medvedev tried to change up the height with the forehand, but it didn't affect Learner. We'll see if he stays on that baseline and keeps trying to attack, but we'd still like to see him come forward to the net a little bit more.

What happened there, Nick? Did you catch the end of the conversation with John? Daniil wanted to see a replay of that last shot to see if it caught the line. He knows the technology would give him the answer. He was hugely frustrated in his opening match against the wildcard K. Sam, who took him to five sets. Just couldn't get his game going, and eventually, when he did, he was able to run away with it, but he took the scenic route, five sets. It was Tien winning his first match at a major in the main draw against Ugo Carabelli of Argentina. That was a lot longer, 6-4 in the fifth.

Talking about Learner Tien going five sets like that, he did his offseason at Carson with Rodney Marshall, one of the strength and conditioning coaches for Alex Melson. Rodney was working with pretty much all the guys there, including Melson, Tien, and S.P.I.D., so he looks fit right now. Learner Tien, once again, he's just looking at the line there, that shot, using the full length of the court. Medvedev is at the top of the tree in that respect, pretending he was going to hit a normal backhand and chops underneath it. Took a risk though because that was a pretty good approach shot there, but the deft little touch crosscourt was sneaky, so we like it.

It's not easy to outmaneuver Medvedev, sending him from east to west with the very best that he's got to offer. Do you think the nature of the way Daniil plays hurts him at the back end of these matches? He plays a lot of long rallies, a lot of long points and matches. Just that stat alone, the last four matches he's played at Melbourne Park, he's played five sets, uses a lot of energy. They both used a lot of energy in the opening five games, but Daniil has the break, 3-2. Another player from California, between California and Florida, so many great players have been produced in those two states. Given all the tragedy that's been going on in California over the last couple of days, we send our best wishes to all those that are struggling, and the entire tennis community is thinking of you and keeping you in our thoughts and prayers.

Look how well he measures this shot. It has to be that good. Anything shorter than that, Medvedev would have been all over it. Such a clean hit. Learner Tien is just not giving up any ground behind the baseline. Even if he's having to take one or two steps back, he's looking to move back forward into the next shot. Daniil Medvedev has been on the run here. Certainly one of those players isn't here, and a young player at that, to understand risk and reward. He doesn't overly risk when he's rallying, so that keeps his mistakes to a minimum. And then when he sees an opportunity to go harder at a ball, he does it. It's a good sign of an intellectual young player.

Some players never understand what risk and reward is, and it holds them back. Yeah, it's awesome shot-making. Three games all, almost immune to the pressure of the break point. Look at the spread video of covering the full width of the court, easy power. I think he deliberately took the speed off both of those backhands there, maybe because he didn't want to take too much risk and hit the ball with more speed, which would lower his percentage. But I like the fact he snuck in quietly there, but Medvedev cagily made him play a tough ball.

Even though he lost those last couple of points, as you said, he's changing the speed, a little bit of slice on the backhand, hitting one flatter, then one a little bit slower, trying to throw Daniil Medvedev off. But Medvedev's ball tolerance is just so high. We'll see if he's going to try to get in a little bit more. They've already played 16 rallies over nine shots. I tell you one thing, he's an advanced 19-year-old. That age group, 19, no, 19. Like "Bad to the Bone," you know, like these kids are good, and there's a handful of them now, the new generation, the next generation. He's beyond his years, this young man. I'm impressed, and even if he can't maintain this level for a long period of time, he's showing signs that he is a player of the future, has his own style, his own strengths and weaknesses, obviously, but there's going to be a lot of strengths here.

I just wonder if the pace of Medvedev's ball suits Lear Tien down to the ground. It sure does. Medvedev hasn't been able to get it out of the strike zone of Lear Tien because he's been so close to that baseline. He's almost daring Medvedev to go for a little bit more, and that's why he's taking it early, moving Medvedev further behind the court. He's pushing Medvedev around. Heck of a smash, seriously good smash. That was not easy. Got some great skills, this guy, and he leads 4-3 in the first set.

Wow, what a great all-round game. Just gives us a good idea of the patterns of play and the guys are using how much risk they are wanting to assume. Nice injection of pace there, 140, and that is more spin. Forward is a good one. He's not scared to go after the smash, and as soon as he gets a forehand, he knows it's going to be effective, so he's looking to come in already. The net points won is 5 of 8, and he hasn't been deterred when he's lost one or two times there. No question that Lear has been well coached, and it's important to recognize those who perhaps came a little early on in his career. My good friend Christian Gro, who is based in San Diego, said he's done a lot of work with him as well in the earlier days. They still stay in touch a lot. Chris, of course, a wealth of knowledge, he helped develop so many players. Brandon Nakashima was with him for a long time, as was Taylor Fritz. Marcus Giron often tapped his tennis intelligence. Of course, CH Tommy Haas for so many years did Chris, so he knows what the pinnacle of the sport looks like. He understands the work that's required. The German, of course, so he can imagine the discipline every time you take to the court with him. He's tough. I like it on a laundry line.

Can get to some pretty awesome serving grooves. That guy's just amazing. Lear hits a great shot, and he almost wants to celebrate a little bit, but then this guy's up to serve so quickly, and he just gets right back on top of you. I'm sure Lear Tien has his attention here. This is perilously close to going down in the first set. He's got some work to do here. I think what Lear probably doesn't have at this stage is the ability to accumulate some free points at big times with his first serve. It's like gold for Medvedev. He uses the lines well. That's a sign of a player who's got great control over his racket face, isn't it? I mean, he can just redirect down both lines, backhand and forehand, good control, isn't it, Nick? Amazing control, and again, just the body weight.

The body weight is always moving forward into the shot. He's staying low throughout all the balls when he's that close to the baseline. So impressive, out of this world. Thirty-two mesmerizing shots advantage. Well, he just anticipated there. I thought he was gone because the drop shot wasn't really good enough, and Medvedev made a mistake, as happened to him or as he caused a few games ago when he anticipated an approach shot. So, a difficult moment, keeping him in it right now. The first serve, and I remember that serve so well during the 2023 season, Fitzy, when he was just sweeping all before him. Thanks, Dani. Med has been having to work so hard out here. There's a little bit of sweat on the Melbourne sign, just wanting the ball boy to wipe it off. That sweat wasn't from a bird, was it, Nick? Haven't seen that many above us. You might need a hat down there on the side of the court. That is beyond special. He's playing beyond his years, isn't he? Maybe not. Maybe he's just playing normal. He's this good. When you don't win three Futures in a row, two challenges after that, make a semi-final in the third one, unless you're a proper player. It's relentless, intelligent tennis. And I'm talking about Tien, not Medvedev. 

Well, there's a couple things I'm wondering about. One is whether Dan is a little bit sluggish here. I don't know whether he is. He's a bit confused right now, I know that. And also whether he would prefer to play someone who hits the ball heavier and harder so he can use the speed more. There's not a lot of speed coming at him, I don't think. Look, it's harder to tell from up here, Nick, but I've beening your thoughts maybe after this point as to whether the speed of thing is actually not giving Medvedev the chance to rebound. 

Yeah, I mean, look, as we said before when the match started, about 64 degrees Fahrenheit, so the ball's moving pretty slow through the court, right? It's a bit slower. Tien just able to redirect, and Medvedev can't find any winners, but he's having to generate a bit more. Heist, it seems. Yes, you're correct. He's having to generate a bit of his own pace, and that's what Tien is making him do. He's using some backhand slice, he's changing up the flat backhand as well, just not putting pace on it, making Medvedev try to hit a few more big shots, and Learner T just so quick around the court right now. 

I'm going to tell you one thing right now, this is just not affecting Learner T. I mean, he absolutely does not mind this at all. You feel like he could go four or five hours if he needs to. He hasn't had much experience with that length, has he? We certainly find out if Med KN was down early in the second set. He's got three set points. Please, that was a decorative set of tennis, take three, a master class in all-court maneuvering, 6-3, 1. Posting some pretty impressive numbers, perhaps the most impressive. He's winning 80% of the points behind his second serve. He's been more effective behind his second than he has his first. You don't see that too often. And in stark contrast, Medvedev struggling to win any points behind his second serve. Wow, it's incredible. Just double-checking the raw numbers there, Med was only one of 11 behind his second delivery. 

Plenty of baseline rallies, plenty of long baseline rallies. We've already had 24 that have gone nine plus shots. It's Tien that's dominating those longer rallies. Learner Tien, we talked about wise beyond his years. You know, in the US, we have the 18-under Nationals, and he won that tournament when he was 16, then he won it again when he was 17. So, that 18-and-under Nationals, it's at Kalamazoo, Michigan, and it gives you a wildcard in the US Open. So, he won it two years in a row at 16 years old, 17 years old, and then the third year, he didn't even play because he didn't need to. He had already won enough points in the challengers to get a wildcard in the US Open. So, it's not easy to win two of those national championships in the states. That's a beautiful carved volley up 13-15. 

First game. Second. So straight back at it. Consultation with his camp towards the end of the opening set right after he got broken. There wasn't a lot of info forthcoming. I think both Jill Simon and Jill Savar perhaps a little surprised at how well Learner was playing. I would still have Med as the favorite to win. Well, I think he has to be the favorite to win from here. I think that's my opinion. I mean, the wind predictor, I sometimes have some confusion with, but if Medvedev wins this set, I wonder what it would go to because it would swing even more heavily, I think, in his favor. He doesn't look like he's, well, he looks like a guy that's got off the plane to me sometimes here. And no disrespect to Learner at the moment, but Daniil is not at the peak of his powers right now. But FYI, I'm going to argue that I don't think he's allowed to have been at the peak of his powers because that's how good Tien has been himself. 

No, I don't disagree with that. He's been awfully good, but I just feel like the movement of Dan is not quite right. That's how I see it. But heck of a shot there. But not for one second would I want to take away any of the credit for what's happened in this first set. It's been very, very impressive. Yeah, I think the movement from Learner Tien has just really affected Daniil Medvedev and what he wants to do on the court. Normally, he's able to kind of out-rally you. His shot tolerance is just more than you. But so far, Learner Tien has just been faster around the court, made more balls, used some short slice. He's really confusing Medvedev. It's pretty clear what a great tennis IQ that this guy's got. We know that in that department, Med is one of the best, but this guy's matching him and then some. 

I don't know about you, F, but I watch some of these young players play, and you just watch, and for me, it's about the level. I look at the game, and I try not to look too much at the stats, and I think, what am I seeing? What level is that? And when you've watched as many matches as we do, you get a very good idea of where that game is going to fit in. And certainly, what I've seen in the opening hour here, very impressed with Learner. There's a reason why his rise has been so quick to the cusp of the top 100. I think if he starts to compete at a level a little bit more, he's going to get so much more experience. It's going to test his game, it's going to make him grow as a player, just get better. And I would say, even though it's a bit unusual, perhaps this thought process, but he's playing a guy ranked five in the world, a guy that's been in this tournament's final three times. What a player Medvedev is, but strangely enough, it seems like Medvedev's game suits him. 

The matchup, it does. It doesn't hit him off the court, gives him time to use his clever play and to redirect the ball. That's a bit different. That's a heck of a shot, but Medvedev hasn't hurt him, has he? You're right. I want to say it's Tien who's got more winners than Medvedev. He's just muscling him in that department, not by much, but still. Keep in mind, I need to keep in mind, we're only 58 minutes into this. If we reassess in an hour and 58, we'll have a lot better idea because if this young lad can maintain this level for another full hour, then you start thinking he can win this. He played 3 hours and 56 minutes in the previous round too. But he wasn't playing down on Medvedev, was he? No. Consecutive errors there hurt him, doesn't it? Out of nowhere, really. I just noticed that the backhands that he does miss tend to be in the net to take the net out of play because he does hit that shot pretty flat. 

Yeah, Daniil Medvedev just had the ball girl grab two of his rackets from the sideline and give it to Jill Savar to get it strung. So, I think he's going to, seems like he probably wants to get a little bit looser, you know, again, it's cool down here, the ball's not moving very fast, so I think he wants to get a little bit more pop.

On it long, he's done that a couple of times and he's not realizing how quickly Tien's taking off for that open court. He's there easily. There's probably not enough on that backhand volley either. I mean, he's got the ability to hit that harder, I think. Second out, yeah, you're right, Fitzy. I mean, how often do we talk about it when a player is so fast like Learner Tien? Sometimes you need to go behind that player, right? I mean, they're going to take off on the run as soon as they see the open court. It's got to be absolutely perfect for Tien not to get that. And if you are going to go open court, maybe a drop volley to make him come forward. But Medvedev might need to go behind Tien a little bit more in those situations. Out 15-14. 

Let it's just mesmerizing and magnificent, 32 shots again, and the long rally goes the way of the young American. This is good stuff, 2-1. Great length from both, everything well over halfway, especially for Tien. Look at that, a back third of the court, he's just pummeling. Now that one was a little short and come the change-ups. Nice depth of the slice, uses the backhand slice so diligently. Just when he's got him in trouble, patient pounding. Well, we witnessed some clean ball striking, top-tier stuff. And he was down a break in the opening set, 3-1 was Tien. But not one complaint to his coaching corner, just got on with the job at hand. Made one or two mistakes and then just corrected it. Made one or two mistakes in his last service game, especially for the backhand side, so let's keep an eye on that. Certainly was fine when he was returning, missed a couple of backhands in the net. Let's see how this service game unfolds. 

Guys, from watching down to here, just the change of pace that Learner Tien's putting on the ball has been really good. But Daniil Medvedev, he's got to be careful. When he got broken there, he hit a ball in the backdrop about as hard as he could, about 10 ft from the ball girl. That's the second time he's done that, and I'm surprised he hasn't gotten a warning yet. But he's got to be careful. Out 15. 1-15. A little careless, the junk ball, it's Tien's problem there. And again, you wouldn't really know if he's won or lost that previous point. "Okay, only way I can affect the outcome of the match is to do my best on the next one." 15-15. 

I think an indication of Learner Tien is that he is so balanced. He's got a very quick first step, he's a quick athlete, but yeah, he's so balanced when he gets to the ball. He doesn't look rushed too often, especially as a young player. He's in position well, isn't he? So he's got plenty of time to use his hands and direct the ball where he wants to. So light on his feet and good speed there too when he had to, he lengthened the stride, didn't he? Oh, he got it easily, 15-14. Daniel has done well just to keep this rally alive, extending himself to his absolute limits with every fiber of his being. Out. Okay, couple of breaks in a row, we're back on serve. They lead 3-2, second set, first set to Tien. 

In the event the play finishes after 11:30 and prior to 1:30 a.m., please check PV. too. for alternative transport options or ask a customer experienced Ambassador wearing yellow for more information. Day five of the 2025 Australian Open and good evening and welcome from Melbourne Park. We're on the Court Arena, like so many of the arenas here, are so well-sized. Got the centerpiece that is Rod Laver and what, about 8 and a half thousand, 7 and a half thousand people here. Just the intimacy of this place is perfect for entertaining tennis. Now 7 and a half thousand, when we're packed to the rafters here on the Margaret Court Arena. Saw Pat Rafter today, he's in fine form, fine fettle, I would say, the great man. Isn't it strange in this sport of ours how sometimes it's super difficult to break serve and then all of a sudden there'll be four lost in a row, which may well happen here. 

Actually, five in a row if we had a break here. Nick, you missed a similar inside-out forehand earlier on in the game by a millimeter or two. I just love the fact that it doesn't bother him. It's almost like he knows he's hit that shot as well as he possibly can and it doesn't affect him because he knows the next time it's going to be better. Yeah, he just looks so calm at all times, right? You never see him really get negative on himself. If he misses a shot, he says, "You know what, I'm going to bring in my target, I learn my lesson, and I'll be right back to in a positive form." His reset is so good. Med is starting to get very antsy on the other end. Oh, you know, we talk about how he just again misses a shot, gets right back to reset. You know his name is Learner, and it's an interesting name. He got it from his mother's profession. She was a math teacher, and he also has a sister, and her name is Justice. Got her from her father's profession as an attorney. But Learner learns his lessons and moves on, cunning and calculated, the lawyer and the mathematician. 

When are you going to put that hard-covered book out? I want him to do it, Nick. I want him. I'm going to buy it. Yeah, you've got to let us know. I'm going to buy it. Sell it in the state, sell it everywhere. You've got your first two customers right here. 13-15. I'm a little concerned if he loses this serve what might happen. In a, I guess we don't need to say anything, and I've just broken the silence, but what a beautiful point that was, had everything. Oh, this kid's got game. He's got reflexes, he's got tennis intelligence, yeah, anticipation too, Robbie. Look world-class, what a point to bring up another break point. Tien is redlining at the moment, he's up two sets and a break. Tien leads four games to three. Warning, Mr. Medvedev. But he's got all the angles and answers at the moment. Med's given it the full boomerang. Well, the definition of that is that it might come back, and I guess at the end it did, but only via a ball girl, a ball boy. That anger was pent up, we could feel it coming, could you? Called it, Fitzy, you called it. Yeah, guys, and actually, he actually hit the camera at the back of the baseline on the single sideline when he the point before. So actually two points in a row, he had a little frustration, Nick. There's a lady sitting not far away from where that racket went over the side, time the side boundary there, the side border, and it clicked up and went over the side. It could have easily hit her. That's instant default that could have ended in disaster, that racket throw, because that only has to touch an official, and he wasn't too pleasant to a few people in the stands either, by the way. But he's got some pent-up anger, Dan, and finds himself down a set and a break. 

If you're Tien, you just got to keep playing solid tennis. And that's why I mentioned it before when Daniil Medvedev got broken, he had hit a ball in the backdrop and just that pent-up energy and negative energy was creeping into his game. Very loose points that he's played, double fault in it. Missed back. In, certainly, Medvedev will calm down a lot quicker after two points like that. Players can win a point behind their second serve. It's unbelievable. Tien is 0 for 10 now on second serves in the set. Stay away from the seconds, just hit first, hit them hard and accurately. If it's not a whole lot better, he's also 0 for 10. 1-14. The first three points there, he just lost his concentration, didn't he? He's handed that back to Medvedev. Yeah, it really looked like Learner Tien just kind of lost his footwork. He stopped moving. You know, we've seen how fast he's been around the baseline throughout the course of this match, but it was almost like he was kind of just hoping Medvedev would kind of miss some shots and stop moving his feet.

15. Well, this is turned quickly, a huge difference from when Daniil makes the first serve versus the second. That was a bit of special right there, back to his very best, working the full dimensions of the court to take a 5-4 lead in the second. Well, why don't we take a quick look at Daniil Medvedev's frustration package? He's looking a bit more settled now, but he's been given the runaround. Boom, it's like that, shouldn't be getting jerked around like I am. He got the full treatment, his patience has been tested. Yeah, and that's not the first camera he's had a crack at, is it? Over the last couple of days, he wasn't too happy with the center-strap camera. He's navigated a frustrating period, only just as Daniil Medvedev was up a break 4-3 in the second set, played two poor points to try and extend his lead. He's down 0-30 in no time, hasn't got as much room now at 4-5, 0-15. Got to be careful here, the youngster, doesn't he? Just going a little bit awry the last three games, needs to be tight here, no errors, 0-30, 15. It's well managed on his backhand side, around then he'll leak a couple of forced errors off that backhand wing. Actually, in total, it's the backhand that's offered up more forced errors for Learner than the forehand, 15 for him. He's a skill merchant, this kid. Yeah, that fabulous comeback there in that point, 14, 15. He can take it in any direction, can he? Loves the line and sees an opening too. I mean, it's incredible to think that in the long rallies, he has dominated Medvedev 26-4, that's nine plus shots. I mean, that is what is normally Medvedev's strength. Perhaps that's the effect of the previous point, yeah, a little bit of the previous point. But also, with Learner Tan's serve, he typically slices his serve, he doesn't have a lot of kick on it, not a lot of roll. So if he's not feeling his serve, that's when he hits some double faults, 'cause there's not a lot of margin for error. Game five, game's over, this has been a good contest, I've enjoyed it for 90 minutes now. He's been going toe to toe with Daniil Medvedev. Why are you looking over your shoulder at me? I thought he dropped off the pace there for a second, but no, this is impressive for a 19-year-old to maintain this. You never know, he might just snatch the second set. Medvedev, look at that, that means he's losing a lot of points from the back of the court, four from 26 when he hits the second serve in, that's an indication the backcourt play of Learner Tan has the better of him at the moment. Here's another one. He has embroidered this match with his class and his variety. Look at the shape of that shot, cool as you like. He's got presence, he's a clear thinker, huh? Guys, you talk about the variety Learner Tan on that second serve, he was almost standing in the middle of the court, just almost wanting to bait Medvedev to go out wide with the second. So he's getting in the head of Medvedev. 134, ladies and gentlemen, please, let's not start calling out during the point, thank you. It's the juggernaut that is Learner Tan that just keeps plugging away, and he is breaking down Medvedev's door. Right, he. Time. Oh, when it comes to tennis intelligence, Medvedev has been one of the very best over the last couple of years. Last year was a bit of a struggle for him, no doubt about that. Didn't win a title, but so far this evening, he has been outsmarted. He hasn't played poorly, Learner Tan has just been that good. He's got a chance to serve for a two sets to love lead, 0-15. About you, Nick, but I like that play. Unfortunately, Daniil doesn't like to come in too much, but with that flat strike, Tan's margin for error is quite low on the backhand passing shot. Yeah, Robbie, you're right. I mean, if he can come into Learner Tan's backhand, again, if somebody has a flat backhand on the pass, it's easier to volley, right? Because it's not going to dip at your feet, it's not going to have any shape to it. But Learner's got to be careful here. This is where he got in trouble when he was up a break a couple of games ago. Just got to keep his feet moving, keep the intensity, just doesn't get three points in the first serve. You know, at least he played two better points to open up his service game. Medvedev just played better than him, he didn't donate them. That's another good return. Yeah, I was watching Jacob Inc last night, just serve out a set and then a match, and he just hit bombs. Yeah, that is such a luxury to have. Well, it is, and it makes it more complicated, doesn't it? When you're not as tall, you can't bomb that serve as much, and you've got to fight for every point as clever as he is. Game, Medvedev, six, game, go, tiebreak. Wow, that was the eighth break of serve that we've had in this set. Eighth, yeah, you heard correctly. We had three in the opening stanza. You've got to remember, both these guys played five sets in the previous round. Learner was out there for almost four hours. Out, one, Z. Yeah, we're seeing so many returns being put back in play again because of how cool it is out here. Again, 64 degrees Fahrenheit, the balls are pretty big right now. That's why we're seeing so many returns being back in play. Right, was that a tap out there for Medvedev? He's not wrestling, Rob. Guys, I was watching Learner, it barely looked like he was even breathing. He was just enjoying that entire point. I mean, Medvedev was working so hard to try to keep Learner Tien on a string, and he was so calm was Tien throughout that point. Impressive from the 19-year-old. Mhm, he certainly looks like he's working harder, doesn't he? Yeah, Medvedev is, you know, when I'm watching both of these guys up close, Medvedev is breathing harder, he's grunting louder. Learner Tien's barely grunting at all, and just kind of, he's like, "Hey, I can hang in these rallies over 40 shots if I need to." So Medvedev is going to have to try to get in because Learner Tien's armor is available. I mean, he cannot hit it any deeper. I mean, this is what you hope for, both players playing well at the same time, using their full skill set. No way, I'll explain how that gets called now. If you're wondering about the electronic line calling, oh my goodness, I wonder if we've got a camera on that. Maybe not, or we do, 3-2. So that's an electronic call. No, it's not, sorry, it's not. No, somebody is watching in a booth. They're watching that camera feed, and as soon as the fault takes place, they press the button. Yes, thank you, ladies and gentlemen, please, thank you. Ready for play, thank you. You can't challenge a foot fault call either. Well, the players have the ability to challenge the calls when they're being made. Why, you know, why on the video board can't we see that foot fault like we saw on the screen here? You know, for Medvedev, I think it would give him a peace of mind if he could see it on the big screen out here. I'm a bit lost with the conversation, but I mean, I understand you're frustrated. He looks like a volcano, doesn't he, about to explode, Med? I mean, it would be so unfortunate if that is what decides the outcome of the second set tiebreak, given how good the quality of the tennis has been. Hey, 4-3. A brutal gladiatorial combat disguised as a tennis match right now. Please respect both players. You can support who you like, but please respect both players. Yeah, well said, John, taking control of the situation immediately. Good officiating. Out. Five. Well, it was risky changing that direction. That was a fine line there, and he rolled the dice. 6-4. Great tactical acumen. He's identified the forehand of Medvedev, and he gave him plenty to think about in that rally. Two set points. It doesn't get better than that. Learner Tien takes a two sets to love lead against Daniil Medvedev. What a breaker. Lead by two. Well, it's an hour and 52, Robbie, almost exactly an hour ago you said, "Let's see where we are." I mean, couldn't.

The match couldn't have played out any better. He was clutch, wasn't he? The youngster showed a really mature performance. I felt like saying at 5-4, "Time for a big serve," but it wasn't really there. He had to battle from the back of the court. How steady was he? Such good decision-making. That's what's impressed me so much, Fitzy, especially on the groundstrokes. Wonderful!

I was interested to see what Medvedev was going to try to change, maybe in that first point, to see if that would be an indication for the rest of the match. The drop shot is something interesting because Learner is so close to the baseline, so it's not really going to affect him since he can get up to it quickly.

Robbie, you mentioned speaking with your coaches. Medvedev has been yelling at Jill Simone, and Jill Simone has just been saying Learner hasn't really given him much input so far.

The tennis intelligence will be tested. It's a pretty big game, isn't it? The first one after a long break like that just to reestablish your momentum.

Something that's been helping Learner Tien is his serve. He only had three double faults in his last round. In a previous match, he had 16 double faults when he went five sets. I think that helps him feel better about himself when he's serving better and not having those double faults, so he's getting a better rhythm throughout his game.

That is a mighty big swing because after the first set, Medvedev was still a solid favorite. I think the positive Learner Tien can take from these drop shots from Medvedev is that he can realize that Medvedev thinks he's got to do something different to beat him. It's a bit of a bolt of confidence for the younger player.

But I guess his challenge now is to maintain the two hours, Robbie. He has to keep it going there to win this. If he drops off 5%, it can turn very quickly. Clever play, doing two things in a row that you wouldn't expect.

We're seeing a different style of play now. He's trying to change up the attack, coming in a lot more and using drop volleys. You have to change the rhythm. Learner Tien has been on the baseline dictating, so Medvedev is saying, "Okay, I'm going to do something a bit out of my character and see if that's going to affect."

Every ball that gets struck has a purpose. Learner Tien is just so cool, calm, and collected at 19 years old. He's been taking away the wide second serve for Medvedev, tactically shortening the points.

He's been more like John McEnroe in the last couple of games, coming in a lot. The California boys Taylor Fritz, Melson, Marcos Giron, they all won today, and I think that's given him some confidence too.

Plenty of breaks of serve have occurred. He's hit that shot so well to Medvedev's forehand. Spin control is perfect. The rallies are much shorter because you're so far up.

I just get the feeling Medvedev is getting a little more erratic with his groundstrokes. He's starting to miss earlier in the rally. Learner Tien has played so well in the opening two sets. I have never seen Medvedev change his game so dramatically like I have in the first five games of this set.

Can you believe this kid's 19? That's wizardry from the lefty. Absolutely toyed with there. Desperation is showing, thinking he can't win if he plays normal two first serves.

Yeah, takes a risk. Very good there, Tien. Medvedev's tentacles coming in very handy. Medvedev covering almost 10% more than Tien. The change of direction is a very difficult thing to do with that accuracy within half a meter of the sideline. Tien comes well across the court, changes direction, and controls it. That's a bit of spice from Daniil. He's trying to keep the point shorter. Medvedev still harbors ambitions that he can get out of this jam he's in. He's come back from two sets to love down on four occasions, and the last two were last year right here against Zverev and Ruud. He came back from behind against Verdasco in the semis. The other two were at Wimbledon and, excuse me, another one here, yes, of course, at the Australian Open in 2022 against Felix in the quarters. It's been a happy hunting ground for him as far as coming from behind is concerned. The nature of five sets and the peaks and valleys and the comebacks are because momentum changes in five sets and it can change often. But if you're down two sets to love and you win one set, bingo, all of a sudden you can win a second one very quickly. It changes rapidly. So he's not out of it. You'd be a brave man to suggest so, but he does look a tiny bit haggard here. I would think, but he's a master at coming back. They're much shorter than what we saw in the first two sets. Can you believe it? Well, I would have backed him there nine out of ten times. He was going to make that. That's an easy shot for him. In the end, it was just that there was tension, and he had Medvedev on the wrong side of the court. He would rarely miss out. I would think that's the kind of point that could affect a player's psyche. Massive turnaround in a few points there. Put an asterisk alongside both of those. Medvedev leads 4-3 with a break in the third. We're just talking about the variety that Tien has. This is just a quick look at a second serve return hit point. You can see how early he takes it on the deuce side, cutting off the angle with his backhand. That's what's been targeted most of the time by Medvedev. On the left-hand side of your screen, what he's doing is he's running around that serve and actually a lot of those contact points are forehands. He's employing a completely different tactic from the outside. He wants to get the forehand on that return, and more often than not, he has got it, hit the ball nice and deep, and got himself back into play. But always giving Medvedev a different look. Variety has been a big part of his game this evening. Still a crowd for day five, and we're not done yet. 15-9. Just made some good volleys in the set. I don't say though, Robbie, that one was off the throat. He got lucky on that one. He's made some good volleys, but he's getting super close to the net on pretty much every ball. He'll make one, and then he'll just charge the net and hope it comes right to him. And as you said, Fitzy, that was right off the throat. Sounds like this guy, so when somebody hits a winner, even if it goes in the side door, you go, "Ooh, so lucky." They will always remind you that they're picking it out of the hole. Doesn't matter how it gets there. Hey, you know, that's what you tell people. That's why you pay for the whole racket. These guys are getting them for free. But that's why you pay for the whole thing. Exactly. What is my pee away? Tend to stay on the rim. Again, if you weren't with us, we had that early stages of the second set tiebreak. Crucial foot fault. What a serve. That was directed. We've got the ref, one of the supervisors sitting on the side there, and he's been taunting him for quite a while. I think John Blom got the nod to give him a point penalty. That hurts him a bit. 30-love. Now, it's a quick breakaway, isn't it? Oh, such a bonus at 4-all to get the first point on serve. He was just pushing and pushing and pushing to see how far he could go and then just totally accepted the point penalty when it happened. What a quick turnaround this is. It could be the penultimate game. He gave the fake hit the ball in his direction. That's what cost him. Tien's down the line shots have been superb, and he's got Medvedev on the ropes now at 5-4 in the third. We take a break. Next, adventure London, Edinburgh, or Dublin, and 10 cities across Europe. But remember, it's not just the destination, it's also how you get there. It's been a change of ends where Daniil has just been staring into oblivion. So much going on, I guess, behind those eyes, trying to find solutions to try and unpick the Tien game. So far, those solutions have been very hard to come by. He's serving to stay in this contest. This is pretty impressive. Full plenty of purchase on that one. Nice little 60-degree wedge coming into play there. An authoritative hold. One here. Everything's hidden, including his vision. What I love seeing from Tien is he's still just taking his 25 seconds in between points, not rushing. Obviously, such a big moment right now. Anyone could have a tendency to want to try to get it done, but he's taking his time. And Rob mentioned how that might be a good play coming into the backhand of Tien because it's so flat, but he takes it so early and he can put a lot of pace behind it as well. That's what makes it a good pass. Just what the doctor ordered. Tien, the speedy hold. 6-5. It is third set, two sets to love. All right, it's time to put your hands together and get ready to game set clap. Let's go. This would be the biggest win of Tien's career, sure to get the better of Medvedev. With big wins come big milestones. He would break the top 100 on the live rankings if he were to progress. He'd clock in at around number 96 in the world, be through to the third round at a major for the first time, but still some work to be done. An absolute laser down the line and Tien throughout this match, he's been trying to get the crowd engaged. He's really embracing this moment. I think that's really relaxing him as well. He's been so accurate to that quadrant of the court, zeroing in on Medvedev's forehand so well that Daniil is trying to hit it back in even from that forehand corner, much preferred to hit it versus the forehand. One thing I noticed is Daniil Medvedev these last two service games has been taking more time in between points, obviously knows how important these moments are, so he's taking his time, a few more deeper breaths. Two impressive service games when serving to stay in the match. I remember in that second set tiebreaker, Medvedev got caught for a foot fault, and that proved the tipping point in the tiebreak, and it ended up being back-to-back serves. It was a double fault in essence. You're always hoping that it's a moment of magic rather than a moment of madness like that that determines the outcome of such an important piece of the match. Out, and I was thinking about it in the second set tiebreak. For me, the two shots that are going to determine the outcome of it are the backhand of Tien and the forehand of Medvedev. How well do they manage those two shots in this moment? He's made it. Tien almost can't believe it because he got up to that drop shot so fast. He's been up on that baseline. He had plenty of.

Options and Medvedev once again has been relying on those drop shot approaches. It's a huge gamble, but it paid off. That lefty serve of Tien is almost reminiscent of Mannino-esque. It's got some serious slide on it. Showstopping from the American Robbie, amazing watching Tien move side to side for those shots. There was no tension in his face throughout every ball he hit. He was so relaxed, almost with a smile on his face, just enjoying the moment and playing against such a top player. Incredibly impressive.

I don't know about you, but I always used to find that 3-2 points in a tiebreak are psychological. If you won it and were up 4-2, you had twice as many points as your opponent. Changing ends at 3-all, when suddenly it's even, yeah, absolutely Robbie. And you know, at 2-4, Medvedev forgot where the score was. I think he's just so out of rhythm that he literally forgot they needed to change sides. But Tien is absolutely locked in. He has been so good in the big moments. Daniel is pretty good under pressure, but in the points that determine the outcome of games and matches, this guy has been way ahead. It's reflective in the scoreline, right? 3-2.

Oh, he almost got out of the jam there. The tentacles from Medvedev, unreal defense to keep that point alive, asking the question one more time to Tien, and he got the error. Four-all into that specific area of the court. It's been so effective, just let him down in back-to-back points here in the tiebreak. Not this time. Not this time. 5-5. Yeah, there's the backhand pass we were talking about. It might be flat, but it had so much pace on it. And he knew Medvedev was going to be that close to the net, so that's why he ran forward and was ready for the drop volley. 6-5. Medvedev was playing his best tennis. That serve was devastating, got him out of trouble so often, and it's brought up a set point for Daniel. Athletic, artistic, and authoritative. 6-0.

I mean, the entire geometry of the court was used in this point. Short slices, deep approach shot. I mean, Medvedev had a short slice in the court where he was literally in the middle of the court and backpedaled back to the baseline. These two guys are trying to take each other's legs from under them, but Tien is trying to use this crowd right now. And he missed by an inch, maybe even less. Just a couple of points to go, but he backs himself to make the adjustments. No fear, absolute trust. Thank you. 7-6. 10. I can tell you that Daniel has fought with every fiber of his redoubtable being to stem the flow of youthful aggression and artistry from this guy, but it might not be enough. Match point, Tien. Oh, just like that, it's snuffed out. Lucky number 13 for Medvedev as far as aces are concerned. 7-all. Set point. You've got to love it. Pressure? What pressure, says Tien. He's trying to say, "I'm the biggest warrior out here." 8-all in the breaker. Big-time stuff. How about that? A moment of magic, perhaps for Medvedev. It's just incredible, isn't it? This is what you want to see, both guys playing well at the same time. Plenty of drama, so much on the line. Set point number three. Set Medvedev. Medvedev digs deep, and the battle continues. He wins the third in a tiebreak and saves a match point along the way. Tennis means we're into a full set.

Robbie, just one thing. I think it was actually a blessing in disguise for Tien that he doesn't have to serve first in this set after losing such a tough tiebreaker in the third. Just to kind of get his feet back under him in a return game. And if he loses this, that's okay. Then he would serve the next game. And just another thing worth noting with Medvedev, he's been taking so much more time in between serves now over the last three service games he's had, and that's led to more first serves going in. Game Medvedev, first game for him.

About brains trust in the Med Camp. So Ben Shelton, Tiao, went down in five incidentally to Fabian Maran. Alex Mickelson, somebody that Tien trains with quite a bit, had a straight sets win. Marcus Gorn, also part of that training squad in LA that Nick was alluding to, had a great win over Thomas CH in five. Oh yes, please. Once again, he has guessed correctly. So Robbie, I just got back from down on the court. I was going to do the interview. I thought at match point, but it looked to me from down there, it's a different perspective. And that's what Nick's got down there. But it just seemed like Medvedev couldn't miss all of a sudden. I think you're right. And you know, when I was talking about his service games, how he was taking more time in between points, he was kind of taking deeper breaths. And I think that's been helping the overall course of his game, just being able to make a few more balls and be more relaxed.

Well, he sort of reverted back, didn't he, to his normal way of playing, just refusing to miss instead of the shorter points that we saw earlier in the third. And this is how a match can swing. There'll be a few negative thoughts in that young man's head right now, you would think. I mean, you don't want to go match point down, but it might actually be a blessing in disguise for Tien. I say that because we all know that when you've had a match point and then you haven't been able to convert, you're still playing. It's very difficult to put it out of the back of your mind. And there's repercussions, isn't there? You're still thinking about it early in the fourth set, and quickly you can be behind in that one too. Then you might just drop off a fraction. It's a roller coaster ride. Raise your B, son. 5-0 for STS.

And I think, Tien, this is where you've got to think back to all the preseason work that you did in LA with those top guys, with Fritz and Mickelson and Gorn, and all those hard yards you put in, and try to make them pay off now. Oh, that particular shot has just gone off the boil. It's missing a bit. As falling down the line for Tien. Well, suddenly Tien is hemorrhaging unforced errors. It's three love. One of Tien's greatest assets is his shot tolerance. It's gone out the window in this fourth set. It's uncanny how often Medvedev guesses the right way when Tien's got an easy shot. Advantage Medvedev, reminding everybody that both of these guys played five-setters in their previous round. Medvedev was on court for 3 hours and 8 minutes, Tien for 3 hours and 56 minutes. And his standard has now dropped, hasn't it? He's spraying more balls now, the young fella. So he's lost his intensity. I'm not sure whether that's physical or whether mentally he was down three love. I've got a feeling it might be.

A little bit of physicality, perhaps needing direction from Coach Diaz. This set is certainly going to be quick by the looks of it. Tien is not balanced at the moment; he's not interested. Maybe he's thinking about that match point he had. He was serving 6-7 in that third set breaker and dropped the hammer. Okay, wow, this has been swift. Sometimes we need to see the possible and not the impossible to remind us to be bold and climb higher. It's a different mood in the camp now, with a couple of smiles going around. They were grimacing about half an hour ago. Do you have any feeling about the physicality of Tien at the moment? That's what I'm trying to get a read on because it doesn't look like he's cramping quite yet. He normally uses his legs to extend points, but I think he's just trying to get out of this game as fast as he can.

On the serve, he's definitely not getting any leg drive up into it anymore. He may be a bit tired or cramping. He's going to have to set himself early in the fifth and see if he can produce a couple of good games. The bounce-back ability from Medvedev has been admirable. This is where you start to go to a dark place in your mind, where you have to learn to suffer and enjoy the suffering. To me, I feel like he's got to win this first game; the trend will be set. I'm always worried when a player almost doesn't care about a set of tennis like that fourth set.

He's such a young player; he hasn't been here much in his life. He's hurting physically, certainly not serving as fast consistently. It can set a tone for the fifth set. He really needs to steady the ship here and get his nose out in front. Medvedev is trying to spread the court, going outside the singles line. Learner Tien needs to find some extra energy to grab that momentum. Medvedev seems like he could do this all night. He plays a good game of poker; it's been a couple of times he hit it so well.

It's not the longest match Tien has played in his career; the previous round went 3 hours and 56 minutes. Maybe it's a cumulative effect as well. The wind predictor has been swinging violently. Tien had a match point in that third set tiebreak. This is two days of entertainment right here. Tien had a match point in that third set tiebreak; this guy served his 13th ace at that very moment. I just wonder who the new balls are going to help here and how much it might tempt them to go for a little bit more and get a quick point.

California. No doubt he's having more trouble moving and changing direction. That's what we talked about earlier in the match, maybe going behind such a fast player. Learner Tien showing some smart play there from Medvedev, showing some guts right now, though not moving as well. He is going through the pain barrier. You would think those thighs would be burning. An early break point, one out game. Wow, I honestly didn't see that break of serve coming. That changes the scenario big time because suddenly Tien can now see the checkered flag in the distance.

Right now, I'm texting with Rodney Marshall, the fitness trainer that he worked with for an entire month. It was Alex Mikkelson, Learner Tien, for one month, and Carson competing against each other every Saturday. They had beach workouts. This guy was digging in the sand for four Saturdays straight to be ready for moments like this. How good are this guy's soft skills? Such good hands. Rodney said a lot of players take holidays off. These guys were training on Thanksgiving Day in the States. They wanted to be prepared for the heat and moments in Australia.

The temptation to get impatient and want a quick hold here is so great. Finding a little bit of energy, though. This is where the big servers can get a few free ones. It's just a battle of will and willpower. Another break point for Daniil. We're back on serve in the fifth, and this now officially becomes the longest match that Tien has ever played in his career. It's time to put your hands together and get ready to game, set, clap. Let's go. This is too easy. Let's go faster. We need more energy than this.

There's definitely some chat going on in the camp, but not sure how much is getting to Daniil. Previous round, 3 hours and 56 minutes for Learner Tien against Hugo Carabelli of Argentina. I can tell you that's still way short of the longest match Daniil Medvedev has ever played. It was incidentally here and it was in a final against Rafael Nadal. Remember when he was up two sets to love, ended up losing that one, 5 hours 24 minutes.

After Learner Tien got that hold and he was walking to the bench, he kind of put his arms in the air to get the crowd involved, and Medvedev saw that and he kind of mocked him, did the same thing to the crowd. There's a little mind game going on as well from Medvedev. A shot that has caused Medvedev a lot of problems this evening, especially in the opening two sets. So often in the back quarter of that court. It's a well-struck forehand. It's not the fastest forehand on tour, that's for sure. He averages about 122 km/h. Top 10 forehand average is 126. He's just below that. I'll tell you what is impressive is his depth on it.

It's almost at this point in the match the game plan almost goes out the window. It becomes more about who wants it more at this moment. I can tell you we've already had 11 matches that have gone over four hours this year's Australian Open. This is the 12th. After 4 hours and 13 minutes, it's 5-4 in the 5th. He takes another step closer to getting the win this evening. Ber really has been studying concentration. You let things go in the fourth set. It must be said, I think he was disappointed after having a match point in the third set tiebreak. Medvedev delivered an ace at 6-7 to snuff it out quickly, but he's regrouped nicely.

I can tell you that Tien was up a break early stages of this fifth set, but Daniil bounced back beautifully. That was to make it 3-2 back on serve and no breaks since. He tempted him. I'm starting to hear a few more screeches and footwork back here from Learner Tien, just a few more small steps to get in position for these shots. We had four both players with a couple of cheap errors in this game. One thing I've noticed from Learner Tien is he's picked up the pace on his forehand, so the forehands coming with more pace than slice backhands.

Both guys just showing so much heart right now. They know how important every single point is at this point at 5-all in the fifth. Just going to throw it out there.

It's starting to sprinkle down here on the court. They might have to stop because it's coming down pretty quick. The roof is quite far open, so they're going to need to hustle to close it quickly due to the steady drizzle. If it continues for another four to five minutes, the court will take a while to dry up. It's surprising they haven't decided to close it given the limited time left. The roof is now starting to close, which is unfortunate for Learner as it's his service game. 

Learner might find it easier when returning after this break. Learner has a history of winning, even at a young age. He understands how to move the ball around the court strategically. Despite not having the biggest serve, he has a big heart and tennis intelligence. Learner was outsmarting his opponent for two sets, showing his skill and potential. The match displays the depth and hard work of these players. 

Fona has been impressive with his massive forehand and winning streak. Learner, currently ranked 112th, is proving himself against top players. The mental toughness will be crucial in this critical moment. Learner is ready to continue the match, showing his determination. The intensity of the match is escalating, with both players showcasing their skills under pressure. 

The match tie-break will decide the outcome, with both players delivering exceptional performances. The tie-break is the first at this year's Australian Open and is happening in the early hours of the morning. The players are on fire, making incredible shots. The match is intense, with both players giving their all in this decisive moment.

Change things up and he's come up with a crucial volley yet again. What he's done so well on the volley is following his approach shots really well and getting close to the net. That's helped him make the volley. 3-2. He's just fearless, has not held back all match, trusting his technique and decision-making. 

What a second serve! I mean, how much curve did that serve have on it? He hit the forehand from the deuce side to Learner Tien, incredible to go for that small space because that's what Learner's making him do, go for that small target by standing where he was. 

Of course, Medvedev has so much experience in these kinds of situations, playing big matches, long matches. He's played in Major finals. He will have the belief that this is where it comes in for Learner. And in any honest accounting, training is the case, belief is the icing, and sometimes that thin smear of frosting can make all the difference. 

Beware the backhand, beware the backhand for 3. It's 106 rallies now that they've had, nine plus shots. Oh, and I just love that play from Learner Tien there, wide serve using his lefty wide serve to get Medvedev outside the court to really open it up. Medvedev knew he was going to have a long way to run if he didn't hit that return well. 

Out 5-4. Just occasionally, he gets a little too much air on the backhand slice. Yeah, that one just didn't, you know, it's late in the match, 4 hours and 42 minutes in, just didn't keep his feet moving, was stretching for that ball there. Got to give everything you have for these last few points. 

6-4 together. You genius to have the presence of mind to choose that shot and hit it as well as this. I believe that's the first drop shot that we've seen off of that forehand wing. We've seen so much pace coming off the forehand and redirection, that's why Medvedev didn't even move for that one, unbelievable disguise. 

Just a brutal gladiator combat disguised as a tennis match, that's what this is. What do Jimmy Connors used to say, boxing at 90 feet? I mean, these two guys are going through all the pain in the world and saying, you know what, I'm not going to give in tonight, not tonight. You know, we've seen these guys eating their gels, different energy drinks, whatever they can to survive right now at 2:51 in the morning, Melbourne time, leaving the heart on the court. 

How has Daniil Medvedev kept that return in the court? So many of these Medvedev volleys we've seen go cross-court throughout this match, and that's why Learner Tien just started running for it. Throughout five sets of tennis, he's seen that a few times. Tien with more magic and an absolute screamer, a mainline forehand, that is a see-ball, hit-ball moment, it's in the strike zone, you go for the winner. 

9-7, 10. It's a second match point for Learner. He had one in the third set tiebreak, he's got one on his serve now. Learner Tien has finally beaten down Daniil Medvedev's door, an absolute epic in Melbourne, the best win of his career. 4 hours and 48 minutes of scintillating tennis, athleticism, artistry, it had it all, and he never stopped believing. That really is one for the rock.