An immediate chance to take a look at the Dio serve here. 15-love. 6-4-8. That's 2-3. I feel like for Dio to have success in this match, he's really going to have to keep that first serve percentage pretty high and try to keep the points a little bit shorter. The longer these rallies go, the more advantage for Fe. He was there for it, too. Fe, that's interesting. As a player, you get a sense if that ball is going to be long. But to just stop playing when he's in position to hit a forehand, he's got to wait to hear the call. That's a nice positive start for Dio. No doubt a few nerves stepping into this match, first time ever playing a second round at a Grand Slam. Hopefully, that will just settle him down. He said that he's really looked up to the likes of Djokovic. That's something we're used to seeing from him. As soon as he recognizes a short ball, he doesn't wait. He uses his speed not only on defense, you see it there, uses it on offense, takes a lot of time away from his opponent, and follows that in at the net and makes it look easy.

A decent start to the year for Fe. He made the quarterfinals in Hong Kong and then the semifinals in Oakland, his first two events of the year. But then went really quiet for quite some time, didn't win too many matches, to be honest with you, from the Australian Open all the way through until the Grass Court season. He did win a Challenger event on clay, but at tour level, he would have been pretty disappointed, I think, with the results that he put together. Then he went to the quarterfinals in Halle, made the second week at Wimbledon where he lost to Dem and or, but he had already beaten the likes of Hubert Hurkacz there, and then of course, winning that title in Hamburg, his second ATP Tour level title, beating runner in the quarterfinals there, Sebastian Baez in the semis.

He had a potential banana skin opponent in the first round, didn't he, against LNA Tien, who has just been winning so many matches over the last few months, the young 18-year-old. Oh, what a strike, so good. I spoke to Marty Loro a little bit yesterday, and he said that Dio is someone that plays much more freely when he's playing higher-ranked players. So when he's playing someone like Fe today, he feels like he could swing a little bit more freely and not feel that sort of pressure. And obviously, getting that first Grand Slam win under his belt just GNA free him up even more. When you win a lot of matches like that, it just builds on the confidence.

Even early on here, you could see that Fe is pretty far back behind the baseline. Sometimes once these rallies get going, Dio is going to want to step in and try to rip and take time away from Fe. But he's done really well to bail himself out of trouble there. Fe, because that was some return, a great return. I think actually Dio should have probably let that one bounce. I know he was trying to take more time away, but again, that was the more difficult of the two. If he would have let that bounce, he would have had a pretty routine forehand there. Good hold in the end, but always nice from a returner's point of view just to lay down a bit of a marker early on and just say, "Yeah, you're going to have to work pretty hard to hold serve today."

That's something that Dio is going to have to do all day long. He's going to really try to be aggressive on the return of serves, and first and foremost, his focus is serve plus one. That's where he needs to take advantage here and really dictate points from the get-go. Early on here, serve plus zeros are always good too. Yeah, even better when you have a serve like Dio has. You're going to get those free points, and for someone of his height and his power, if you could get one or two free points a game, that's you're on track. 15-love. 13. Pretty big second serve there from Dio. It's got a lot of movement on it, started up the T and actually ended up right into the body of Fe. That's smart serving there. Thought maybe he followed in. We saw how far back Fe was on the return to serve there.

So, a little half chance here for Fe. A very good junior was the young Frenchman who won the Orange Bowl in 2020, a prestigious tournament, and also made the boys singles final at Junior Roland Garros where he actually lost to his fellow countryman, Luca van. 14-15. Some second serve, 109 mph right into the body of the Frenchman. Dio does well to come through the game and stay ahead to lead 2-1. Stadium 17, there was basically not a free seat to be had this morning for our first match. This place will just continue to fill up over the next 10 minutes or so.

Still early on here, both players still feeling out each other, getting each other's patterns, especially on the serve. Why the net is making an odd noise, isn't it? Well, two reasons. One, there's a microphone on the net, so it's a little more sensitive. It's making like a "b" sound. It's so tight, the nets are strung here at the US Open. You'll notice that when it clips the top of the net, it's going to go pretty high compared to other tournaments. It's noticeably different here. Great hands and a great point from Fe, really winding up on that forehand. Good defense here from Dio as well, keeping this one a little bit low, making Fe come up with that drop shot. Had a good look at the pass there, thought maybe he was going to go down the line, but good read there from Fe and good hands and reaction. Well done.

Remember, you can download the US Open app to follow your favorite players. You can watch match highlights. New this year, you can get live 3D views of all singles matches as well. So, if you've not got it, it's available on the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store as well. Heard it again there, 'cause that hit the top of the net. It's not been making that noise the rest of the week. Is that just me? No, maybe, but no, I'm hearing it as well, Adam, I promise. They put a fresh microphone on there. Fe is going to want that overhead back, 'cause that lob was not quite deep enough there from Dio. Again, not holding back with that second serve. Dio, another one well over 100 miles per hour. That's pretty routine for him. His second serve doesn't usually drop below 100 miles per hour, and that's an easy serve for him as well. Right, like if a lot of other players to hit a second serve over 100, they're going to put some effort into it. Dio has such a live arm, and the motion is pretty smooth and easy going. Just yeah, not a lot can go wrong with that service motion. It's very clean and technically sound for sure.

One of the other things Adam that Marty Loro said about Dio is that he plays some of his best tennis when he gets on four, five match win streaks. And he's had multiple win streaks this year of four, five wins. Obviously, here getting through qualifying and winning his first match in the main draw just going to build on that, and that's when he says he's most dangerous. You actually came into the US Open off the back of making the semifinals of the Cary Challenger, lost to MAA Belucci in that semifinal, won the Chicago Challenger end of July, how'd he doing his home college town of Lexington, quarters, right, quarters in Lexington, yeah, lost to Xia Fona, the young Brazilian there, yep, former standout at University of Kentucky, shout out to the Wildcats watching.

So, good holds from 30 all this time for Gabriel Dio, and the young Canadian stays ahead here, 3-2. He hadn't won too many matches coming into the US Open on a North American hard court, 'cause he was someone else who went and played the Olympic Games. Unfortunately for him, lost in the first round there to Matteo Berrettini. Game point now when Dio has a little bit of time on that forehand to set up, he can really generate a lot of power and pull Fe off the court like that.

He's had a couple of hits on the forehand side, but when he has time, I think because of the take-back, it's a little bit big and loopy. But when he times it well, it's just crazy how well these guys move as well. He's dealing with the firepower pretty well at the moment. He cranked one up on that forehand, but it came back pretty easily. Both of these guys were great athletes when they were growing up. They not only played tennis but also played a lot of other sports. With the height of Gabriel, a lot of people were almost trying to push him down the basketball route. He's going to want that one back, he's going to shake that one off. Not sure if he thought that was going to go over, there was a little bit of hesitation. Great point there from both players. Thought it was over right here, did a great job of making the opponent play that extra ball. That one definitely changed his mind last second, can see the slight hesitation. I love that return down the middle of the court to take away the angle to start off the rally. I really feel he needs to go middle a lot more on the return of serve because if he doesn't connect perfectly, and you give the opponent an angle, he's going to make you move and he'll make you pay. He started playing tennis when he was just 5 years of age but was a very good athlete in track and field, a good football player. He said he always knew that tennis was the sport he was best at. That's a great spot on that serve, no chance for the opponent on that. Can still be quite in and out in his matches, you're never quite sure what's going to come next. I've seen that on multiple occasions, just like that consistency isn't quite there yet. I didn't know that he had that in the pocket, that's some serious heat there. That's a shame, set the point up beautifully with that backhand up the line. He's got to take notice of that because he was lucky to get out of that point alive. If you're the opponent, you say okay, I had the right game plan, just didn't execute there at the end. But again, it was the down-the-middle shot that really set that up, and then he moves it around on the backhand, pulled that down the line, saw the open racket, and snuck in. Has he been someone who has kind of been highly thought of for quite a while, or has he just kind of snuck up a little bit over the last few years? He's definitely been on the radar, especially at Tennis Canada over the last couple of years. He went to college at the University of Kentucky, there's a Canadian connection there. I mean, obviously, Bruno Agostinelli Jr. who went there first, who was my age, and made Bruno rest in peace, he was an incredible talent and played Davis Cup, actually won a huge tie for Canada back in the day. He went there as well, now Jaden Weeks is there. That's good hands there, you see that a lot with these universities in the United States now. Once one player goes there from one country and they see success, it kind of opens a little bit of a pipeline. You see that at TCU with the Brits, Kyrgios has Canada locked down. Just comes up short after a massive first serve, his biggest of the day so far. Dio up at 128 mph, a good start, players opening half an hour, no break points as of yet. Dio certainly settled into this second-round match very quickly. Dio came so close to picking up his first-ever Grand Slam win earlier this year when he qualified at Roland Garros and ran Kanishakori all the way. He was two sets to love down in that first-round match, came back to two sets all, and eventually fell at 7-5 in the fifth. Another one there for him. Feel like on the return, he actually may return more solid off the backhand side. He missed more returns on the forehand but definitely can possess a lot more power on that side. See if he sticks with the forehand serve again, he goes to the backhand, good change-up there, good pace behind that one as well. You saw that chip return, just lets him get into the point, it's a bit of a pressure point there. Fe is serving at 3-4 to try and stay in this first set, really smart play there from the Canadian. So, the first break point of this opening set belongs to Gabriel, giving him the chance to try and serve this set out. Well done, he missed one of those earlier on, and you see him going back to the chip, that one just left it sitting too short in the court. Recognizing this one, good approach shot, he couldn't really do much with that but make him play an extra ball. But again, really good play there. It's really big, that's his biggest of the match so far. Got a little extra adrenaline in the moment, he's big but he's not super big, 6'1. Such a good return right on the baseline, deep down the middle. Just can't quite execute on the forehand and escapes, saves the break point and levels things up. French tennis kind of in a bit of a transition phase over the last few years with a lot of the guys that have represented and flown the flag of French tennis for so many years either retiring or certainly heading towards the back end of their careers. But pretty exciting time at the moment for French tennis, not only with Arthur but solid again from him, giving a little apology for that shank forehand that dropped in. France have obviously also got the other Arthur at the moment, and they have the man who beat Arthur at Junior Roland Garros in that final. That's a big serve there, I tell you, the first serve percentage is low, it's only 50%, but when it goes in, he's winning 83%. Just goes to show if that first serve is landing. Stress-free hold to love and he moves to within a game of taking the opening set. We haven't quite seen the very best of the Frenchman as yet, just five winners to go alongside his 12 unforced errors. That's too short with the return, his second forehand winner. I told you, you hit the top of the net, that ball goes way up in the air, they're just strung so tight here at the US Open. But you were talking about the stats there on him, with the 12 unforced errors and six winners, and he's still very much on serve in this match. With shots like that, you would think that maybe he'd be down. Interesting you said earlier that his coach mentioned that he almost plays better against better players. Just looking at his record against top 50 players in his career, he's only played seven top 50 players, this will be his eighth, but he's actually won three of those seven matches against top 50. That's something to be said when you're playing guys that are ranked higher than you, all the pressure is off, you have the green light, and when you have such an aggressive game style like he has, it just takes the pressure off. Just trying to get himself going as well.

The back of the court, five games all. Five games all. Up on his feet, yeah, Dad was with him throughout the whole week of Hamburg. Then he said, "Got to the semifinals just before we played Sebastian B." He had his little brother and his mom on the phone. "We need to come, we need to get tickets to come to Hamburg." So his brother and his mom flew in as well. That was cool that they were there for the semifinal and the final. He said his sister was on vacation, and there was no way she was coming back. She wasn't giving up that holiday. "I think she'll have an opportunity to go to more finals." 

That's a bad error if you're an Arthur Fe fan because you're ten feet behind the baseline. You've got to be able to put that in play somehow. Can't miss that one in the net. Give it some clearance over the net, let yourself get back into the point. Okay, we'll try it again. That one had some height and clearance. Now the next one, hit with a little bit more spin, then it'll land in. Third time's a charm. 

That's a 108 with an unbelievable angle. That's something that Diallo can do regularly from his serve, right? Because it's coming from a different trajectory being 6'8, he's able to put that kind of angle on it, and the ball bounces high too, so really difficult to return. He really has not found a way of having an influence on the Gabriel Diallo serve whatsoever. Just two points lost behind his first serve, just three points behind his second, and he guarantees himself at worst a tiebreak here. 

Well, he's going to say sorry, but that's the old "sorry, I'm not sorry" because he will take that every day. Good approach shot there from Feist, but again, nothing you can really do, especially with the way that came off the tight net court there. It's almost impossible as you're moving forward too. 

I tell you, that was one of the first clean returns Diallo's hit on the forehand side that's really gone deep into the court with high net clearance. Well, yeah, look at the difference there, returns in play against the first serve. Feist just put five of Diallo's first serves back, Diallo's put 15. Can Feist work a lot harder? 

Oh, that's a great turnout for him. That was not easy. He had to try and find it, but he's kind of making a joke to Coach Martyo there on the volley. Thought he could have finished it with that, but again, good athleticism here. He had to find it on the other side, had to turn quickly and hit a heavy ball. Didn't go for too much, really smart stuff there from Diallo. 

Out of nowhere, three set points here for the Canadian. Service. Diallo is going to get really aggressive on this second serve here. He's already got a pretty big fan base already. His "Arthur Fe" chants go around Stadium 17. First set belongs to the qualifier Gabriel Diallo, barely put a foot wrong, in all honesty. Coach up on his feet, work to do for the 24 SE right now. Got to try and harness that in the right way. 

A great opening set from this man. You know what I loved about the end of that set there, Adam, is Diallo wasn't really showing too much emotion through that first set, and then when he got the first set, he let out a little bit of emotion, gave the big fist bump, and now he's back to work again. Didn't get too high on emotion, not too low throughout the set either. Good change up there. He's on a charge here, 10 of the last 11 points. I love that serving volley play up 30 love. Take a chance there. He looks over, gives a little nod to Coach Lonsd, said, "Hey, see that? I served him volley." That's something that he wasn't comfortable doing 12 months ago, coming forward into the net. That's a huge improvement on the Diallo's side. 

Just the start he was after in set two. Quick fire hold to love, first game, second set. That's good depth there from Feist. He's able to really redirect the power from Diallo, especially when he's on the move like that. It's not easy to do that. 

Hey, what I've been impressed with is just how solid he is from the back of the court. He's not just a big server, is he? He can certainly hold his own. What I love about watching Diallo from the baseline is he doesn't feel like he has to hit 100% all out all the time. He doesn't redline the engine. He can hit it at 75% because his 75% is just as big as a lot of the players' 90%. It's under control. Good serve from Arthur Fe there. Feel like Fe hasn't used the body serve enough yet against Diallo, stands at 6'8. He's given him too many opportunities to use his length as an advantage on the return. Solid from Feist again, far from easy. 

Dad and dad on their feet, second set. Had huge success here as a player. Sebastian G, the only Grand Slam that he didn't actually make it all the way through to the semifinals, best of a third round here. Three times made the semis of all the other three. Man, he was fun to watch. 

Yeah, I actually had a lot of chances to practice with him when I was young. Oh, nice. He was so good, great guy as well on and off the court. Got up to four in the worlds. Amazing talent. Yeah, and I said at the beginning of the match, the longer the rallies win advantage Feist, but I feel like the longer these rallies are going, Diallo is really getting dialed in, especially when he gets pulled out to the forehand. He can really whip that forehand around, and he's showed that on the forehand side when he gets pushed out wide, he goes cross or line. It's not just one way, so it really keeps Feist off balance. 

I like that play there from Feist, goes right at Diallo on that first passing shot, didn't try and hit too good of a shot right here, drills one right at him, has to get out of the way and then passes him on the next. One, he knows that's not the strength of the Diallo game as a volley, so he makes him hit a tough one first and then passes him on the next one. Just clipping the net on the way through, little apology, but this is probably the best look that Feist has had so far today on the Diallo serve. 

But he went big again with that second serve, only a second double fault of the match, but it could be a crucial one because it gives Alto his first looks at break points here. Oh, such a great play, Feist. Look at the reaction, excellent response after dropping the opening set. After getting that first break of the match for him, you feel like he would almost loosen up a little bit and play a little bit more freely because Diallo hadn't let him into any service games throughout this match so far. He just paid the price, didn't he? Hasn't made many first serves in this set, only three. Yeah, he's made him pay. 

This a huge opposite. He's actually tightened up, and Diallo doing a good job just putting balls in play right now, not going for too much. He can sense that Feist is a little bit off this game after breaking. It's a huge opportunity for Diallo. Well, apart from that final point, it was a game that was really gifted to Gabriel Diallo. But what a response, breaks back immediately, two games old. That's going to frustrate a lot, works so hard to get that break just to almost gift it right back to Diallo. Not easy to be in the Diallo service games, right, if you're Feist, and that you got to let that go. Now it's really not easy to do, easier said than done, but has to start fresh again. 

You can stay connected to the US Open on Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, and WhatsApp. You can join the conversation with us, just use the hashtag USOpen, let us know your thoughts on what's already unfolded the first four days, what's going to potentially come over the next 9 or 10 days that we have left of this tournament. For service, it's a big forehand from Diallo.

Giving up the first point there, 15 all. He's so quick. That was not an easy shot to hit for Feast. I thought G was going to get lucky with that volley, but somehow sneaks it by him. Good hands there. So difficult to do that when you're running forward that fast. Well done there from Feast. That's brilliant down the baseline. Impressive from Feast, not only from a tennis standpoint but also from a mental strength standpoint. After being up a break, giving it back, and now giving yourself a couple more opportunities, not easy to regroup. He's done a great job this game. All credit to AR, just right back on it. And for the second, lack of... Can you believe this? Love-30 again. I would have said that there's no way in this match throughout the whole time that there'd be four breaks in a row. Yeah, I wouldn't expect that at all from both players, obviously, but especially with a serve like Dio. Wow, credit to Dio again in this game for staying strong, just being solid. This is unbelievable. So three break points to break back again. Such a good return from Dio. I actually like that drop shot play from Dio. If you're going to go short with that volley though, crosscourt, you better make this good. He just didn't quite make this good enough. Right here, this volley right there. If you're going to go crosscourt, you've got to do a little bit more with it. Because if you don't hit a winner, you've got no chance to stay in that point. And Feast makes him pay. Four breaks in a row. Twice, AR has been in control of this second set. Twice, he has just surrendered that lead instantaneously. Three games all. He's got Marty on his feet again. Feel like both coaches have been up on their feet a couple of times, just realizing the moment in this match. And when I talked to Marty Londo after his second round qualifying win, he goes, "I tell you one thing, Jesse, Gabe, he is a tough kid." That was one thing he said, because obviously he was working through a little bit of that quad issue. And he's a tough kid. He's going to get through this. And when he does, he'll have a couple of days off. And look, now he wins his first round in the main draw and in a battle here with the 24th seed. You surely cannot have five breaks in a row. Yeah, that little break between qualifying and the main draw probably gave a nice little rest, just to try and recover whatever injury was there. Obviously, with qualifying finishing on the Thursday last week and then not playing his first round main draw match until the Tuesday. A lot of that KT tape on there. Yeah, KT tape. Thank you. Yeah, KT Tape. Yeah, boy, wasn't it? No one wants to hold serve right now, Adam. This is incredible. He didn't have a look at a single break point in the whole of the first set. Just do with a few more of those. Just 8 of 18 first serves in this second set. Yeah, in this moment in the match, it's so important for G to put some first serves in play. He can be aggressive, but maybe take a little bit off and hit your spots, but give yourself some margin. Like that, and 117 is taking a little bit off for him. It's got up to 132 today, still not quite as quick as Feast. 134 is his quickest. Finally, a hold of serve after four consecutive breaks. Big roar from Gabriel Dio. Shifting long, his head must be spinning here. Feast wondering how on Earth am I 3-4 down here? And that's the return that Dio's had a lot of success on. Again, said it a couple of times already, that middle one. That one just got a little bit away from him, but the intentions were all really good there from Dio. We just saw that stat of the unforced errors on the backhand side alone, and Feast was already at 8 on the backhand alone. That's 9 now. Dio only had 5. If you would have said backhand to backhand rally, it probably would have given that advantage to Feast to start this match. Agreed. Anxious looking Sebastian Groen and Dad there as well. And Dio may look at the court on that one in the bounce, but that was a tentative forehand there. Definitely was ahead in that rally. Good defensive slice there from Feast. So, Feast finally holds serve as well. For G, it's below his best though at the moment. If he could just sneak through this second set, expect his level to improve as this match goes on. This court has been basically full for the last six, seven hours or so. Feel like there's been so many net cords in this. I agree. Well, it's always a risk, as Jesse mentioned so often. His second serve is over 100 miles per hour, so that is going to bring a little bit of danger with it. His third double fault, can AR go a break in front for a third time? It's just a bad error, not trying to do anything really there with that forehand. Just releases the pressure a little bit. Two off. That's a huge point for Dio. Didn't want to get into that backhand-to-backhand rally anymore, because he has been making so many errors on that side and tries to change direction down the line. Gave it no clearance and huge opportunity for Dio to get out of this game. If you're Feast right now, you want to get into that forehand-to-forehand rally and try to rush Dio's forehand. That's the side that Dio is a little bit more tentative on right now and doesn't want to see the ball coming fast to that side. Right now, if he has time, he's doing just fine. It's the fast one there. It just feels like he's a little bit indecisive. Nice to have that serve to fall back on right when you need it. Tough moment having to stay in set number two here after Feast 4-5. He's done a really good job today when he's come forward. Feast, 15-10 visits to the net. He's won 8 of those 10 points. Feast does a great job of recognizing the opportunity to come forward. He comes forward on all the right shots. That's why not knocking down his volleys, but he comes forward and he really takes charge and has the right balls to put away. He's not coming forward on the wrong shots where he may give Dio a really good look at a passing shot. So that's also part of the reason why he's had so much success when he moves forward. Yeah, no hesitation is there. Recognizes that he hits a good approach and he's in. He wasn't even going to come forward on that initially, but he hits his backhand, redirects it, then sees that Dio's on the full out stretch with the open racket face. And his speed is just so good in the anticipation there and shows off the hands with that angle volley. Not too many service games like that today after he held to love in about 60 seconds. Feast has worked with Sebastian Groen, that AR Feast has worked with in his very young career. Even Louic actually did a little bit of work with the French Tennis Federation. That was last year. So nice to call on someone like Louic. He's also done some work with C as well. His dad there was his very first coach, the man that got AR Feast into tennis, coached him until he was about 12 years of age. Good pick up there from Dio. I love the serve and volley up 30-love, taking a chance there, right? I don't see him making that play at 30-all in this game, but again, playing the score smartly done there. And I think that was a great pick up, even though Feast did have a look at a pass. Like a lot of times during this US Open so far, we see a lot of players anticipating the ball going out and they almost stop playing. I've seen it numerous times. That's a big serve there from Dio. So guarantees himself a tiebreak once again. Two to try and hold serve too. Can just get as aggressive as he wants here. He's got a bit of a free hit in this return game. 15-love. Two long. 13-15. LS for service. 15. Been a good service game from AR Feast. Plenty of first serves made, struggling with that first serve percentage throughout this set. Just 13 of 30. Feast has done a better job in this set serving when he's.

Behind in games, not when he gets ahead, so a tiebreak is required. Coming into this match, we would have been a little shocked if we didn't see a tie. The way that these two serve, at least this year in tiebreaks, he won six, lost five, and Gabriel Diallo levels has 119 and lost 10. So, those are good numbers for the Canadian. In fact, he has won his last eight tiebreaks. Diallo points after he gets up a break or a mini-break, he just kind of plays a loose point and doesn't really do anything special at that point. He just keeps making balls, putting them in play. The forehand, to me, on the Diallo side right now, is the one that, in the big crucial moments, could get away from him a little bit, and Feist hasn't taken notice of that just yet. 2-1, Feist. That's what I'm saying, Adam. I feel like that's the side that Feist needs to pick on right now. It goes into the backhand of Diallo. Diallo's backhand has looked solid throughout this entire match, and especially in these crucial, a little bit nervy moments. That's just a top-level, by the way. Those tiebreaks just to clarify, that's why Diallo's numbers that I was saying earlier, yeah, 19 and 10 this year, but that's across all levels, so challenges as well. That is huge, the biggest of the match so far, 136 goes up to what we saw Ben Shelton delivering yesterday, finished his match with a 141 mph race. That's it. Well, he got it to what, what was it, 149 last year, I think. That's unbelievable. Wow, how about that depth in the serve is going to get the crowd into this one? Put your hands up at Feist, just a standing ovation after that point. What a tweener he hit there after completely misjudging it. I thought he was in trouble here. He had a good drive, kept that low too. That was probably better than the forehand pass he would have had. I feel like Diallo stopped playing after that last Feist shot and left the whole line open after, right here. Or he just stayed home watching this, didn't really make that recovery step. Well, he's a proper showman, is AR Feist. He would have absolutely loved that point, and sometimes it is just a point like that that completely changes how you feel on a tennis court. Oh my goodness me, you think he's pumped. There's nothing more than the showman. How about this passing shot, gets pulled all the way back and hits that cross-court angle. Well, he's just been waiting to ignite this crowd, and that is exactly what he has done, consecutive points to go 5-3 up, 6-3. Well, that was a pretty special ending to that tiebreak, and the 24th seed has leveled up this one out on Stadium 17. He takes it on the breaker, 15-love. Couple of beautiful strikes on the forehand to start this game off. Yeah, look, the momentum's definitely on the Feist side right now, but I got to say, for someone that's 6'8" like Diallo, sometimes I don't understand, I feel like he plays like he's 6 feet, right? He plays aggressive from the baseline, but he can go for so much more early on in the rallies. I know maybe sometimes he wants to get a feel and try and wait for Feist's mistake if he's not confident or not feeling it at that moment, but there's been a lot of opportunities where I feel like he could be more aggressive from the back. It's a great game from Feist, the ace, the big why, the tough conditions like yesterday where we saw a lot of players dropping a little bit, and you can tell if you got into a deep match, it was a complete physical battle. If you're going to let these dictate points from the baseline and move you around, you're going to get in trouble if you're Diallo. That should show a little bit of concern there for Marty Loro already in the opening few minutes of this third set. Just feel as though AR Feist is a little more dialed in in that forehand. Just got a real spring in his step here to try and make a move straight away. Probably didn't want that second set to end really. Feist just in terms of the energy of the crowd, he felt incredible on the court as well, some of the points that he was putting together. And that's big-time tennis there from Diallo, big serve into the body, and then he rips the forehand, not letting Feist get settled whatsoever. He's got to do a little bit more of that, easier said than done, but again, needs to be more aggressive and not just wait for Feist to make mistakes now because he's a lot more dialed in than he was in that first set. Yeah, it's two second serve returns missed for Feist, but I look, if Diallo really wants to make a push here, he's going to have to increase his first serve percentage. You can't give Feist that many looks at a second serve, and that was a great serve from Diallo as well, a good shot, got a little bit unlucky, clipped the net cord to give Feist a little bit more time on this passing shot, but you made him come up with the goods, you tip your hat there, that's a good serve and a good approach shot. Maybe would have come into the backhand, but he's hit passing shots off both sides. So, that sounded off though, I don't think he's connected with that, that was a little bit of a mishit off the frame, still almost dropped in. That's another second serve return that he's unable to make Gabriel Diallo play another ball there, AR Feist, he'll be disappointed with how that game panned out in the end from love-30. There won't be too much longer before Gabriel Diallo is a top 100 player for the first time. He's been higher than 129, down at 143, start of this week, at 116 in the live rankings right now is Diallo, and a win here, he would be very close to being a top 100 player. Yeah, those are the rallies that Diallo has been winning the majority of the time. He can get into the backhand to backhand, so solid off that side, but he's just held from love-30 as Diallo now, he's got Feist in a bit of trouble. Five breaks of serve in this match. How would you assess what we've seen for the last two hours, Jesse? A little bit up and down from both players. I felt like the first set, they were kind of trying to fill each other out, and Diallo got that one break. And then the second set, they went back and forth, yeah, breaking each other multiple occasions in a row. Then the tiebreaker, Feist came up with some unbelievable points, and the passing shots that he hit in that breaker were incredible. And then you felt like the momentum was completely on his side. But we're pretty even right now to start out this third set, and both players are doing a good job of taking care of their service games. That is super encouraging. Almost after every point, he's either clapping or he's up on his feet. Just floated a little that backhand slice from Diallo, and Feist dealt with it. So 15-love. That's more what we saw from Diallo in that first set, higher percentage first serve, getting at least one or two free points a game. And look, you're 6'8", you've got to get some free points on your serve. Can't rely on just a baseline game the whole time, even though he has been very solid. He hasn't had too many games where he's just kind of sailed through them in, I'd say, two minutes or less. This is not going to happen every time, but he expects to have a couple of these. Set, you kind of had a feeling that Feist was going to try and finish that point off in style. Yeah, incredible tweener from Arthur Feist at the back end of that second set tiebreak. Two games on, let's just talk about this drop shot here from Diallo. This was actually a very good shot, showed off his hands. But this volley here, got to do a little bit more. He almost went forward, hit like topspin on that volley, gave Feist a look at the showman shot again. He could have easily hit a forehand, but down 40-love, he says, "Why not? I'm going to go for the showboat shot in front of the crowd, try and get them involved again." It's kind of what you get from Feist.

He's capable of finding a rhythm and feeling good on the court, making him almost unplayable. However, he can also make cheap errors due to a lack of concentration, as we just saw. Before he knows it, he's love 30 down. That shot was too good, right in the corner on the line. Dio had a good look on the backhand return but guided it in, allowing Fe to take advantage and dictate the point. Fe has been moving the forehand around well, but the backhand has let him down at times. He's hit some amazing passing shots off both sides.

Both players have struggled at times behind the second serve return, especially off the backhand side. Dio holds comfortably, three games off. To make the next step in his career and break into the world's top 100 and potentially the top 50, Dio needs to improve his net game. He has a big serve and is aggressive from the baseline, but mastering the net game will make him more imposing on opponents.

Fe has been great when coming forward, winning 12 of 14 points. Dio is comfortable with good change-ups, showing off the slice backhand. Dio gets a little opening, but Fe's solid backhand holds up. Dio makes a smart play, waiting for the right moment to hit to the open court. Dio gets his first winner of the set, and the crowd responds. Dio takes the initiative and follows through, not waiting for Fe to make mistakes.

Fe is desperate to avoid what happened in the second set when he twice went up a break but was broken back immediately. Dio plays aggressively, following the break, and holds his nerve to serve for a two sets to one lead. He gets new balls to help him through the game. Fe holds easily, and now Dio serves for a two sets to one lead.

Help speed up the serve a little bit, but he dealt with the return magnificently well. Then followed it up with an inside forehand again that was deep. That inside forehand had some whip on it and some acceleration. Many players tend to slow down the racket speed when they get nervous, but Dio really whipped through that forehand with good racket speed. He's looking at the crowd with a big smile on his face after that winner. Dio is feeling it this game and wants the crowd to get into it as well. The crowd at the end of the second set went nuts because of what AR was doing out there. Roles have reversed here. A very calm nod of approval from the coach. It's three set points. The upset is very much alive as the qualifier Gabriel Dio goes into a two sets to one lead over the 24th seed AR. What a way to close out the set as well. He takes it by six games to four.

So, two and three-quarter hours on the clock. He may need another couple of hours here after this if he's going to make it through to the third round. Two sets to one behind, serving for service at 15. Does he close this out? That's a tough call. If Dio really believes that he is going to win this match and can deal with the nerves, then yes, he does. I think at some point in this set, you're going to see a little bit of inexperience. If he can get past that, then the floodgates will open. Fe is not going to just give it to him. He is experienced and has been in these situations before. Still a long way to go, but obviously Dio with the two sets to one lead will be a point in this set where if he gets over that moment, he will close it out. Not twice before in AR's career has he come from two sets to one behind. Once was actually here 12 months ago against Talon Greek Sport and also did so at Wimbledon earlier this year against Roman Saulin.

Off and running in the fourth, big second half of the season coming up for Fe. He's currently first in the race to Jeda, the Next Gen. It's actually a lot closer to them heading to Australia, basically the week before Christmas, for the Next Gen Finals this year. I think a lot of players will probably choose to play the Next Gen and then go straight down under to start the season. Fe lost in the final there last year to Hamed Movich, the Serb.

If Dio closes this out, it's uncharted territory for him, obviously being in the second round of a slam and now being two sets to one up. There will be a moment in this set where he's going to have an opportunity to go up on Fe and maybe even break him. That'll be the moment. If he can get past that, it'll show a lot of maturity. Not taking any chances on that one might have been going wide, but when you have an easy overhead like that, just take it and put it away. Good hold there from the Canadian.

I don't like talking too much about money, but $215,000 guaranteed to whoever wins this match. When you think that Gabriel Dio this whole year has made $241,000, so he can basically equal that with one week's work. Fe has been very good when he's come forward today. That's only the fifth point that he's lost. But again, he's doing it at the right time. He's up 40-love, playing the score, just trying to get a quick free point there. So nicely dealt with from AR.

A little luck there from Dio, sending the apology. That's the old "sorry, I'm not sorry." We've seen a couple of those this match, but good short slice there to almost bait Fe to come forward. Dio is doing a great job of staying in this game, not letting Fe out. Great time to throw in the serve volley. That's just as he said, that is one big moment in this fourth set ticked off for Gabriel Dio. There's one. That's smart play there from Dio, recognizing how far back Fe is and keeping the pressure on him.

Feast immediately under pressure in this game. He just had to come through a near 10-minute service game last time out. Did the Canadian. Didn't actually have to face a break point, but Feast is definitely beginning to probe. What a way with it slightly there did Dio. That first forehand that he hit, I thought maybe was going to go long. I think it froze Fe for a moment.

A second, but then Dio does a great job of coming in cross court and covering that line. He had a couple of nice volleys in the last couple of games, realizing that he may need to move forward more than he may be comfortable with. But again, putting the pressure and imposing himself on Fe. 13 of 25 at the net in the match for Dio. As you can see, he's been good in this set. I actually thought that that approach shot might have been a tough one to come in on, but again, still following it in. He wants to hear it for the catch. Sign him up! Can't believe he threw it back in. Add it to his waistcoat. You've got to throw it back. It's like catching a home run; you throw it back. Watch his catch. You catch one hand or two hands? Oh no, he didn't catch it. A fumble. Oh, he stopped it off the bounds. Round for the save. 15. (Applause) 13. That had to be pretty close. You can hear the crowd's reaction to that. Yeah. (Applause) Yeah. Much easier service hold this time for Gabriel Dio, and we go three games all. Three games all, just waiting for a little dip in the level from Fe on his serve in this set because the Frenchman's been very good so far. Hasn't missed too many first serves, hasn't dropped too many points, really. (Applause) Winner of this one, remember, to take on the winner of the match between Max Pel and Tommy Paul. And looks as though Tommy Paul's just about to go two sets to love up on Pel. I'll be frustrated to miss that. Dio got into the rally, that's Fe off the hook having won that opening point as well. That's so good, love the aggressive return, then the slice to get Fe out of position and sees the open corner, the backhand aggressive backhand down the line. Really smart stuff there from Dio, showing that he can implement that slice, the change-up, and the flat backhand. Really good backhand technique on the backhand, very sound, super smooth. Oh wow, just let that one go. That's really impressive aggressive tennis there from Dio and Fe fighting off that return that was deep down the middle. Thought that he had a decent forehand, just left it sitting a little bit for Dio and he just pulled the trigger down the line. So two break points. That has been his go-to serve, certainly when he's been under pressure. Fe, that flat one up the middle on the juice court. And Gabriel Dio is the first to break in this four-set, and the young Canadian is just two games away from the. Oh, that was just a joke of a forehand from Gabriel Dio. What a return. Fe dealt with that so well and then follows in the next one. He's realizing if he imposes himself at the net, he's going to have success, but sees that Fe is on the full out scramble there with the open racket face. You've got to follow that in. He does just that. Great finish at the net for Dio there again. Yeah, how many second serve returns off his backhand has he hit into the net today? And that is why he is just glaring at Sebastian Gran. Thank you, Dad. Realizing that time is beginning to run out. That's another great serve from Dio, and this is exactly what you want when you're trying to close out a match here. You want those free points on your serve, especially if you're a little bit nervy right now. And he's focused right now in the present. Can't be getting ahead of yourself at all. Been impressed with the way Dio has handled this fourth set so far. 14-15. (Applause) For service. Oh wow, out. Out. I heard the out call. Was out here. Yeah, 14. This game has suddenly just got a little more interesting, and it looked like it was going to be at 40-love. (Applause) There, any please, thank you. Yeah, very important to find the first save there, and he moves to it in a game of round three new balls. He's going to get the new fresh racket now. Dio wants to get that little bit more control when the new balls come out. And remember, Adam, we were talking in that last set, this is a crucial game for Dio. Obviously, now's the time that he wants to be really aggressive because if he does have to serve out the match here, yeah, he wants to be free and feel good about it and not hold that tension inside. If you play a tentative game here just trying to make balls, that's going to carry over to the game where you have to try and serve it out. So look for him to be aggressive in this game, see if he can hit out some nerves, but he hasn't showed any yet. I, again, super impressed with the way he's been handling this. (Applause) That passing shot we got the way into a close from Dio. Yeah, look, and if you're Fe here, you've got to do everything you can to hold serve here because you know your opponent hasn't been in this situation ever before. And you've got to try and make him serve it out. Wow, my goodness, looks like he's playing an exhibition rather than serving to stay in the US Open. He's got the crowd on their feet for sure. Fe, that one I felt like Dio should have hit, but he was trying to get over his head. He didn't have the right grip, so I think that was just a reaction about the first volley that Fe hit off the return. This is just the game Fe wants, quick hold to love. Good positive body language from Fe. That's a slam for the very first time. First service. Just love the way he's played that opening point. How good is that serve to start out this game here to try and serve out the match? These are the moments, Adam, that as a kid you dream of, and you're in that situation now. And if you're Dio trying to serve it out, night match at the US Open, full house on Stadium 17, you take one point at a time. This is where dreams are made right here, all out on that follow-up forehand as well. Wow, those are exactly what you want right now. You want those free points. He's got coach up on his feet after each point, right? Now looks pretty calm, but I tell you what, he's not inside right now. But he's doing a great job of masking that. I've got to tell you, Adam, it's almost, I know Dio is a big guy and he's 6'8", but you're witnessing a boy become a man right now. This is a massive moment in Dio's career, and he's handled it with absolute grit. What did his coach say to you earlier? He is a tough cookie, showing it right now. Three match points, watch the emotion from Dio if he can finish it. (Applause) Hear the heart rate jumped up there a couple beats per minute. He's going to reset. (Applause) Thank you, thank you. Well, it's the biggest moment of young Gabriel Dio's career so far. He is into the third round of a Grand Slam for the very first time, and he does so by beating the incredibly talented Frenchman Arthur Fe. Incredible scenes in his camp, and it's not going to get any easier because it's Tommy Paul.