Ready to play. 5-love. 15. On serve, wind shouldn't be a factor for Andrey Rublev. It's a little bit behind Arthur Rinderknech right now, and with a breeze in the air and warm days, the ball will be moving out there. Good conditions for big servers and hitters. Sometimes players adjust the tension of their rackets based on their style of play. Flat hitters string tighter, while spin hitters go looser. We may see a lot of that today from Rinderknech. 

Andrey Rublev, a tall and physically imposing player, has had a successful year with multiple titles and strong results in various tournaments. He started the year with a title in Hong Kong, followed by quarterfinal appearances in the Australian Open, Rotterdam, and Doha, and a semi-final in Dubai. Despite some struggles in between, he responded with another title in Madrid, a third-round exit at Roland Garros, and good performances in other tournaments. 

Rinderknech seems to have a clear plan to be aggressive on Rublev's second serves, taking big swings and putting pressure on Rublev early in the match. Rublev, on the other hand, is known for his consistency and has reached the quarterfinals in three of his last four appearances at the US Open. However, he is facing challenges in this match, with Rinderknech disrupting his rhythm and play style. 

Rinderknech, one of 14 Frenchmen in the US Open main draw this year, is showing his aggressive game early on, aiming to keep the points short on a hot day. He is playing his fourth US Open, with his best result being a third-round appearance last year. 

Both players are showcasing their strengths and strategies, with Rinderknech taking an early lead in the match. Rublev, known for his powerful game, is facing a tough challenge from Rinderknech's disruptive play. The match is intense, with both players giving their all on the court. 

The game continues with Rinderknech maintaining his lead and Rublev trying to find his rhythm and turn the match in his favor. The players' different styles and approaches make for an exciting and competitive match. Stay tuned for more updates on this thrilling encounter at the US Open.

Australian Open made the quarterfinals of the ATP Tour event in Marseilles champion at the Le Challenger. He's had a lot of success on home soil, reaching the quarterfinals of Lyon, second round at Roland Garros, semi-finals recently in Atlanta, round of 16 in Washington, L forf, and then a round of 16 in Montreal from qualifying where he beat Flavio Cabal. In his most recent tournament, he reached the round of 16 at Winston-Salem. Rend NES has hit a lot of first serves so far, setting up the rest of his game to help keep these points short.

Rend NES is two of four behind his second serve now. A couple of first serves might be crucial here. First chance for Rublev to break. What a commitment to that forehand! I have to say, Mark, I've done a lot of Rend NES matches and I've never seen him so aggressive off the ground. If he can take the upper hand early in the point, make Rublev defend, then he can play points more on his terms. This rally is the match so far, 14 shots. This game is going over the 5-minute mark now in the brutal heat of Court 17. Advantage R, a little quicker conditions to really reward players for playing that game style.

Back to deuce we go. This is a very tough game. Rend NES actually hit a pretty good second serve, but he played too close to the middle, giving Rublev a chance to get back in the point. The players don't get a sit down after this game. Nice quick points for Rend NES. Second ace for the Frenchman holds, surviving the two break chances for Andre Rublev. Four games to two, first set.

Rend NES has been winning about 50% of his second serve points on tour this year. Today, it's just a little below that at 45%. The racket's been close a bunch of times, doing well as Rend NES is just controlling his emotions. A little surprised Rend NES decided to volley crosscourt, probably a ball he should have kept right in front of him. Another lengthy game, break point number three coming up for Andre Rublev. Eventually, he'll get one. Not this time, going for the right shot there. Unbelievable depth. Finally, Rublev was able to find that rare backhand. He hasn't had him playing too many backhands under pressure. That's where he's going to try to find some short balls on the backhand side.

It's taken Andre Rublev 46 minutes, but he's got the break back. Crowd on Court 17 acknowledges his perseverance. Back on level terms. Rend NES will get a chance to serve out the first set. Andre has been broken for a second time. Rend NES will get a chance to serve out the first set. A well-constructed point from Rend NES. 57 minutes, the Frenchman has two set points. Set point number two, and this time he gets it. A terrific set of tennis from the 29-year-old playing the US Open for only the fourth time.

In the second set, Rublev needs to do a better job on second serve, either make more first serves or try to put more emphasis on location on the second serves. Direct some balls to the backhand corner and see if he can break down Rend NES' legs, try to extend the rallies, or just hit aces.

Works. Also, eight for the match now. J.R. with a perfect service hold for Andre, nice and quick as well. 15-love, catching 30. They both had a discussion in the break in the bathroom, just let's hit aces, let's not run around too much. 40-love. Sometimes we see that in some of these best-of-five matches on a hot day where both players find that rhythm, making a lot of first serves, return games going by quickly. 40-15. Sebastian Vet also coaches Manuel G. That's how they met. Renner completed four years at Texas A&M, went back to France, good friends with G, played a little doubles with him, and then joined on the three-go-around-the-world together. Oh, what a forehand from Andre Rublev. This rer really tried to inject some pace into this rally, left it a little short, nice quick turn there, and acceleration of the racket head. Andre Rublev advances. It took him 3 hours and 49 minutes to get the better of Christopher Eubanks in the opening round. For Rarigas, he had a day to recover. 108, he won that match in the final set tiebreaker.

Deuce. Just wonder if that might come back to haunt him a little later on in this match if it goes longer than straight sets. Nicely handled half-volley, just kept it in front. He's in position for the next ball, nice racket work on the volley, keeps the racket head above his wrist, perfect backhand volley. He lost one point when he ventured towards the net. Hardiness G apologized for the net cord. We've seen quite a few of them on Court 17 today. Game apiece, just getting those watchers ready. I was thinking ahead, would be surprised if he was going to douse himself in it. 15-love. Another share of frustration for Andre Rublev. We didn't see it, but certainly heard it. A spectator down, we'll have a bit of a waiting period here. Andre puts his racket away. I'm not massively surprised as a spectator down there is no shade on this court. Ladies and gentlemen, play is going to be temporarily stopped until the medical emergency can be handled. So hopefully the umbrellas will come out for the players. It is just brutal out there. If you're just joining in, 15-all in the third game of set two.

30-15. I think that kind of thing can help someone like Rublev in this situation. We saw him there chatting with the umpire in a relaxed way, can kind of bring the tension down just a little bit. Does seem to have a dial, doesn't he, and once it goes past a certain point, there's no comeback. He can just keep it below maximum level, he's in good shape. Rendenes has come out and sprayed two balls on the other side of that. Great defense from Arur Rendenes. Andre Rublev keeping his cool for first serves, now hit seven winners off that wing and led in 2021 seven quarterfinals or better on the ATP Tour. Love-15. One of those good runs for Rendenes. UR in Leon H to his first in t level events on Clay, beat Yanik Sin in the second round. A little bit of acceleration here from Andre Rublev. Love-30. Last couple points really testing the legs from Rendenes. Seems to have slowed down the tempo of the feet. Great return, good direction, took it really early, looking to take time away. Love-30 start. An undercooked attempted drop shot from the Frenchman, and it's Rublev who gets the first break points of this second set. 15-40. 30-40. So 21 aces against Christopher Eubanks in that five-set thriller the other day. It's now seven for the match, and the break goes to Andre Rublev, and he lets us all know how he feels about it. Rublev leads three games to one in the second set.

I like the adjustment, directing a lot of first balls to the Rendene backhand, getting short balls as a result. Very quick up to that forehand. I think everyone in all five bars knows that Andre Rublev is happy. Of course, he did break the Rendenes serve to get back on track in the first set. Need to be broken right away, must be careful. Here, love-30. 15-30. Rublev looks just a little bit quicker defending those big first strikes from Rendenes. Rublev just a little slower since coming out of that long break. We've seen him make that shot today, but this time it's a net, a chance for Rendenes to break back immediately. Usually on a ball like that, maybe out of the corner of his eye, he saw Ragesh staying put. Oh, what an incredible point of the tournament, just absolutely laying it on the line, leaving it all out there. 37 shots on an absolutely scorching day. We're in between two airports, and the noise from Rendenes every time he hit a shot made the plane sound very quiet. He's down but hopefully not out, and you actually wouldn't want to lie down on this court 17 because it's even hotter. This was an extremely physical rally, Andre Rublev testing the legs of Rendenes. Actually heard the tone of his grunt change over the course of that point as he became more and more tired. Back to deuce. I'm not too surprised that Rendenes misses the forehand, still short of breath. Did play four years at the University of Texas A&M, conditions there in the US South very much like this. Just got to go for it, break this. Advantage Rublev. Had a couple of retirements this Wednesday due to injury rather than heat stroke, but still Bastian Burs out and Alexandra Sevchenko. Oh, just blew that forehand by. Rublev, Rendenes not super eager to get into any more protracted rallies. No more 37 shots, is that what you're saying? It's not in the game plan. Regardless of conditions, though, that wouldn't be how you want to play Andre Rublev. It's amazing, isn't it, that Rendenes has more forehand winners today than Rublev has, 12 to 9. Another break point chance. First, we saw that unbelievable rally, the second quite a bit shorter. Advantage Rublev. Rublev actually quite keen, isn't he, to get on with the next point. He sees his opponent suffering here. He's coming off a straight-sets win in the first round. Second serve. Come on. Advantage Rendenes. I'm impressed with Rublev's ability to recompose, refocus. About four or five minutes ago, he was lying on the ground. Now he's got another chance to break, and not this time either. Turning into a huge game now. It's either going to be 4-1 Rublev or back on serve. A 10-minute-plus game, and he's missed it. Oh, that one hurts. You have an open potentially for a short forehand, but plenty of time. Hit it right to the guy, then you mess up a volley. He's not even going to run for it. Just got too casual, and he's missed the forehand. So, it was worth the wait for Rurindiges. Breaks on the fourth attempt in that game, a game which involved a 37-shot rally. We saw this man flat on his back, but he's broken back, and we're back on serve. Just broken back after a quite terrific resilient display. 15-love.

Got 30. Lu Albert Martin dishing out the instructions to RI just looks a little disillusioned once more, doesn't he? It's like the best-case scenario here for Rendenes. That's a quick game. Haven't had one of those in a while. Three games all, second level, three apiece. Well, it is not a set down, but taking the opportunity just going to sit down a little bit. I'm 29 years of age, did have a love hold in his first service game of this match. Now he's had another. Andre Rublev serving with the new balls this time. Love-15. 15-all. 15-30. Rublev just has a really hard time hitting that second serve into the backhand corner on the deuce side. 15-40. Just lost his way.

Hasn't he the sixth seed? You can see the body language going down a little bit more. 30-40. [Applause] So it's both great. [Applause] Points turn. Coach Fernando Vente comes from a very sporty family. Rublev's dad was a boxer, mama a tennis coach, and V. [Applause] It's broken three times today so far. AR Indes on the cusp here of a fourth. [Music] It started with a good second serve from Rublev. Rinderknech didn't have a chance to set his feet, that let Rublev start a point exactly how he wanted, getting into the backhand and keeping Rinderknech off balance. Rublev now with 23 total winners, 11 have come off beforehand, that return whistled back at him. Been too many straightforward games for the server. First serve, I think that's called grip it and rip it. Advantage Ress just held on. H for the best landed in, someone up there got a [Applause] souvenir. Break number four, they keep on coming. 15th of the match for Arthur Rinderknech. 15, and he takes it. Thunderous forehand. AR Rinderknech recovers from a 1-3 start in this second set. Second set, and now he's on the front foot. [Applause] Hey, hey. So committed to playing on the front foot. See the point start neutral, but this one was this backhand that he stepped in and drove through that outer third, sets up the inside out, probably pattern number one in the modern game. Strong backhand crosscourt, get a weak reply, and go inside out. Big 0-15. [Music] [Applause] 30. A little bit more breeze in the air, which will cool down just a fraction with some extra Duty balls being used on the men's side of things here at the US Open. In singles anyway, they use the regular Duty balls and in mixed doubles. 30. Mr. Rublev is requesting a replay. It is electronic line calling, there's nothing that Andre can do about it, just wants to see where the ball landed. Clearly doesn't agree. 30-40 now, break points right back for Andre Rublev. He's converted two of nine in this match so far. [Applause] Help, what a serve from Rinderknech, unbelievable what a kick serve she in this weather. You can really get these balls moving. The Wilson US Open ball naturally is kind of a bouncy ball, but it really starts going on days like today. Good wheels from Andre Rublev, another little racket shake. Break point number two coming up. Looked like AR was in control this point, it's a makeable volley, just kind of lost the technique a little bit. It's a break back for Andre Rublev, a set which is turning out to be a roller coaster ride. Which way will it end up? Four games all was difficult to tell, isn't it, Mark? One player looks exhausted, then the other, then the other looks a little brighter and a little bit happier, and then the other person breaks back. Had a bit of everything so far. How do you do in the coaching situation watching if one of these players is yours? How are you feeling right now? Yeah, not great. Take a couple deep breaths and rely on my morning meditation to stay cool, but it's tough to watch. You know that the players are out there suffering. You know the conditions are tough. You just want your player to okay, keep going one point at a time, try to really narrow their focus. You know if they come into your corner especially, just try and keep them up. Yeah, don't judge, just keep on going 'cause the other person is just as up and down as you are. [Applause] Oh, that's two. [Applause] Good, 15-30. Look at the depth in that return right off the baseline. I love that play on the second serve returns, go big middle. Oh, these two are warriors, absolute warriors. 30 all. You just wonder about the state if whoever comes through in the next round. [Applause] R winning the majority of nine-shot plus rallies, Ryes looking to keep as short as possible. He's having success with that when R was throwing in a second serve or not as the case may be. 40-30. Seems like both players are having harder times when they're serving, more effort required. Seems the best corner to watch from, doesn't it, right near AR Rinderknech's in the shade there, a nice spot. Just long. Advantage Rublev. It's got to the case of the Jesse Pulas and Maes do NE. Andre Rublev, quarterfinalist at all of them but no further. Oh, Jesse Pula taking a stray bullet up here today, jeez. Well, maybe this is the year they both going to break through, we shall see. Andre Rublev holds after saving another break point opportunity, and now he's got his nose back out in front, 5-4, two sets yet here on Court Stadium 17. [Applause] 15. This is Wayne Ferrera's take on how to beat Andre Rublev: attack the second serve, don't let him camp out on the backhand side, attack his forehand and expose the backhand wing. Rinderknech has done a pretty good job of doing that today. That was not the swiftest moving I've ever seen from Arthur. The question mark is going to be, you know, how's his body holding up over the course of this match? You mentioned the previous five-setter with Chris Eubanks, that was a night, so it wasn't, you know, terrible conditions, but we know how these New York kns obviously can be kind of steamy out there, and it was still 3 hours 50 minutes. Wasn't. [Applause] 15. W's father, former professional boxer, and he looks a little bit like one right here. Can he deliver a knockout punch? So. 30. Come on, Arthur, let's go. [Applause] 40. Serve, passive point coming up with Arthur Rinderknech serving 4-5 in the second set. 30 all, break points galore in this second-round match. Took a lot of time in between first and second, the first serve dumped into the net, the second a little long, a set point for Andre Rublev. [Applause] St an incredibly brave from Arthur Rinderknech. I mean, what a gutsy play with his back probably physically up against the wall. Pretty good pick up and he covered the line just like you're supposed to. Backhand volley, racket stays above the hand, nice angle into the open court. First service deserted him and vage Ru set point number two for Andre Rublev. [Applause] Rublev, it becomes very difficult to serve as you lose your legs right here. Rinderknech needs to take his time, gather a little bit of that leg strength, try to explode up and hit from that angle down into the court. An incredible shot from Arthur Rinderknech. He wants to hear some noise, he wants some love. Just saved second set point. [Applause] That second serve keeps getting shorter from Rinderknech, but this was just a massive forehand, probably 6 to 8 feet behind the baseline, just pure ball speed. Can he? It's hard to hit a winner from there, wow. Much-needed first serve there makes life a lot easier. He's dug himself out of a big hole here, Arthur Rinderknech, 5-all. Sebastian Vet looking on rather nervously, another seven-plus minute game. A phenomenal strike this time off the backhand side for Arthur Rinderknech. It's been an incredible performance from two absolute warriors, five games all, second set. Where is he gaining that kind of energy from? It's just incredible. That's about as well as you can strike a backhand up the line. I would look for him to be really aggressive on the Rublev serve, take some big swings on return, see if he can steal a couple points. I think that's what Vet was telling him, just standing up shouting a few words. I think he was listening. Love 15. Let's go, Arthur, go. [Music] 15. That's a part of the court I think Rublev can continue to try to go to, using his backhand up the line just gets you out of that kind of predictable pattern when you're starting cross. That was his first backhand winner of the set, only two for the entire match. What a shot, what an angle. He's good at doing a really good job, isn't he, firing up the crowd here. So nice getting on the outside of that ball. He does a really good job on the backhand. Forehand, he hits it kind of straight, you know, but the backhand, he can get on the outside and create some angle. I'm not quite sure what Andre R's upset about. 15-40. What we do know is that he's facing two more breakpoint chances. [Applause] An acceptable mistake that one for Arthur Rinderknech.

His strategy is to strike hard and often and then take a seat when he needs to rest. Of course, at the service pace, that is the rule in this sport - working smarter and harder. Good body serve there, one of the first body serves actually we've seen from Rublev. The big guys don't like returning there when you jam them; long arms, he is 6'5" 196 cm. Rinderknech, that ball wasn't quite in the spot and he takes advantage. Break point number three for the tall Frenchman, winning just about a third of his second serve points throughout the match and he's broken once more. I don't know why the microphone's not going right, we hear you. It sounds like we've lost the electronic line calling, so Greg Allensworth shouting extra loudly, the fans let them know they heard him. I can hear you up here. One down, three to go. The energy, the momentum all with this man, the 29-year-old from France. He was briefly his country's number one. Let's first serve. It's been a while since that's happened, of course, Rinderknech overtaken by a few others. What a feast, just one of those 30 Ls. Oh, massive for him, 4-0, who just found some extra energy, hasn't he? Out of some ways been asking the crowd to get behind him, they've duly delivered, and so is he. Three set points for Rinderknech's game and he only needs one of them. An unbelievable set of tennis which took no less than 83 minutes, and Arthur Rinderknech is one set away from beating Andre Rublev for the first time. Four years ago at Roland Garros when he beat Sam Querrey 6-3 in the fifth set. 15 all might just come down to attitude might it for Andre Rublev. Does he still believe? Does he still want it enough? And then on the other side, of course, Rinderknech, keep up this very aggressive play. 38 winners now from the Frenchman, ranked the sixth best in his country. Oh, massive forehand again from Rinderknech, probably 8 feet outside the doubles alley, absolutely smokes a forehand inside in 30-40. Cannot afford Andre Rublev to get broken in the first game of this third set. This Advantage Rinderknech just trying to find that back. A lot of times these double faults are almost accumulations of the types of returns you've hit over the course of a match, and that's certainly one of them. Get a little payoff. This third break point comes and goes for Rinderknech. Advantage Rublev, so nine aces for the match for Rublev, six double faults. Game Rublev and Andre Rublev survived from 15-40 in the first game of set three, love 15, little opening here for Rublev. Love 30. On court now, Arthur Rinderknech for well over six hours, this match combined with his first-round win over Christopher Eubanks, 3 hours and 49 minutes. Just wonder how those legs are feeling right about now. Love 40. A big finish, Andre Rublev, and it's he who has the early break in this third set, 2-0 for the sixth seed. Rublev leads two games to love, third set. Just a huge forehand there and then, more importantly, a huge game swing, that momentum. Not been pleased by a couple of calls, thought he saw that one long. 30. What a streak here for Rublev, 30-15. That's what you call commentator's curse, seven doubles today. 40-15, and a brilliant service hold in the end for Andre Rublev. He's got the break in hand, three games to love, third set. Nice lead in this third set, third set against Arthur Rinderknech from France. He has a 3-0 record when winning the first two sets in matches, 15 all. 15 love. 15-30. Nice angle there, but Rublev back with an angle of his own. Rinderknech looking like he might be in energy-conserving mode. You really have to think this is going to be a must-hold, isn't it, for Rinderknech? Wonder at love 4 down, double break, if he would possibly just move on to set four and start again. There's a chance of that, a chance that Rublev will break for a second time in this set, 30-40. Let's go, AR, let's go, let's go, AR, let's go. But not yet. This. Wow, Advantage Rinderknech. This has to be a little bit of a boost for Rinderknech. If he can get out of this game, he puts some pressure on Rublev to do what he's been doing, take a couple of big swings on returns. Game Rinderknech. So, nine aces for the match for Rublev, six double faults. Game Rev, and Andre Rublev survived from 15-40 in the first game of set three, love 15, little opening here for Rublev. Love 30. On court now, Arthur Rinderknech for well over six hours, this match combined with his first-round win over Christopher Eubanks, 3 hours and 49 minutes. Just wonder how those legs are feeling right about now. Love 40. A big finish, Andre Rublev, and it's he who has the early break in this third set, 2-0 for the sixth seed. Rublev leads two games to love, third set. Just a huge forehand there and then, more importantly, a huge game swing, that momentum. Not been pleased by a couple of calls, thought he saw that one long. 30. What a streak here for Rublev, 30-15. That's what you call commentator's curse, seven doubles today. 40-15, and a brilliant service hold in the end for Andre Rublev. He's got the break in hand, three games to love, third set. Nice lead in this third set, third set against Arthur Rinderknech from France. He has a 3-0 record when winning the first two sets in matches, 15 all. 15 love. 15-30. Nice angle there, but Rublev back with an angle of his own. Rinderknech looking like he might be in energy-conserving mode. You really have to think this is going to be a must-hold, isn't it, for Rinderknech? Wonder at love 4 down, double break, if he would possibly just move on to set four and start again. There's a chance of that, a chance that Rublev will break for a second time in this set, 30-40. Let's go, AR, let's go, let's go, AR, let's go. But not yet. This. Wow, Advantage Rinderknech. This has to be a little bit of a boost for Rinderknech. If he can get out of this game, he puts some pressure on Rublev to do what he's been doing, take a couple of big swings on returns. Game Rinderknech. So, nine aces for the match for Rublev, six double faults. Game Rev, and Andre Rublev survived from 15-40 in the first game of set three, love 15, little opening here for Rublev. Love 30. On court now, Arthur Rinderknech for well over six hours, this match combined with his first-round win over Christopher Eubanks, 3 hours and 49 minutes. Just wonder how those legs are feeling right about now. Love 40. A big finish, Andre Rublev, and it's he who has the early break in this third set, 2-0 for the sixth seed. Rublev leads two games to love, third set. Just a huge forehand there and then, more importantly, a huge game swing, that momentum. Not been pleased by a couple of calls, thought he saw that one long. 30. What a streak here for Rublev, 30-15. That's what you call commentator's curse, seven doubles today. 40-15, and a brilliant service hold in the end for Andre Rublev. He's got the break in hand, three games to love, third set. Nice lead in this third set, third set against Arthur Rinderknech from France. He has a 3-0 record when winning the first two sets in matches, 15 all. 15 love. 15-30. Nice angle there, but Rublev back with an angle of his own. Rinderknech looking like he might be in energy-conserving mode. You really have to think this is going to be a must-hold, isn't it, for Rinderknech? Wonder at love 4 down, double break, if he would possibly just move on to set four and start again. There's a chance of that, a chance that Rublev will break for a second time in this set, 30-40. Let's go, AR, let's go, let's go, AR, let's go. But not yet. This. Wow, Advantage Rinderknech. This has to be a little bit of a boost for Rinderknech. If he can get out of this game, he puts some pressure on Rublev to do what he's been doing, take a couple of big swings on returns. Game Rinderknech. So, nine aces for the match for Rublev, six double faults. Game Rev, and Andre Rublev survived from 15-40 in the first game of set three, love 15, little opening here for Rublev. Love 30. On court now, Arthur Rinderknech for well over six hours, this match combined with his first-round win over Christopher Eubanks, 3 hours and 49 minutes. Just wonder how those legs are feeling right about now. Love 40. A big finish, Andre Rublev, and it's he who has the early break in this third set, 2-0 for the sixth seed. Rublev leads two games to love, third set. Just a huge forehand there and then, more importantly, a huge game swing, that momentum. Not been pleased by a couple of calls, thought he saw that one long. 30. What a streak here for Rublev, 30-15. That's what you call commentator's curse, seven doubles today. 40-15, and a brilliant service hold in the end for Andre Rublev. He's got the break in hand, three games to love, third set. Nice lead in this third set, third set against Arthur Rinderknech from France. He has a 3-0 record when winning the first two sets in matches, 15 all. 15 love. 15-30. Nice angle there, but Rublev back with an angle of his own. Rinderknech looking like he might be in energy-conserving mode. You really have to think this is going to be a must-hold, isn't it, for Rinderknech? Wonder at love 4 down, double break, if he would possibly just move on to set four and start again. There's a chance of that, a chance that Rublev will break for a second time in this set, 30-40. Let's go, AR, let's go, let's go, AR, let's go. But not yet. This. Wow, Advantage Rinderknech. This has to be a little bit of a boost for Rinderknech. If he can get out of this game, he puts some pressure on Rublev to do what he's been doing, take a couple of big swings on returns. Game Rinderknech. So, nine aces for the match for Rublev, six double faults. Game Rev, and Andre Rublev survived from 15-40 in the first game of set three, love 15, little opening here for Rublev. Love 30. On court now, Arthur Rinderknech for well over six hours, this match combined with his first-round win over Christopher Eubanks, 3 hours and 49 minutes. Just wonder how those legs are feeling right about now. Love 40. A big finish, Andre Rublev, and it's he who has the early break in this third set, 2-0 for the sixth seed. Rublev leads two games to love, third set. Just a huge forehand there and then, more importantly, a huge game swing, that momentum. Not been pleased by a couple of calls, thought he saw that one long. 30. What a streak here for Rublev, 30-15. That's what you call commentator's curse, seven doubles today. 40-15, and a brilliant service hold in the end for Andre Rublev. He's got the break in hand, three games to love, third set. Nice lead in this third set, third set against Arthur Rinderknech from France. He has a 3-0 record when winning the first two sets in matches, 15 all. 15 love. 15-30. Nice angle there, but Rublev back with an angle of his own. Rinderknech looking like he might be in energy-conserving mode. You really have to think this is going to be a must-hold, isn't it, for Rinderknech? Wonder at love 4 down, double break, if he would possibly just move on to set four and start again. There's a chance of that, a chance that Rublev will break for a second time in this set, 30-40. Let's go, AR, let's go, let's go, AR, let's go. But not yet. This. Wow, Advantage Rinderknech. This has to be a little bit of a boost for Rinderknech. If he can get out of this game, he puts some pressure on Rublev to do what he's been doing, take a couple of big swings on returns. Game Rinderknech. So, nine aces for the match for Rublev, six double faults. Game Rev, and Andre Rublev survived from 15-40 in the first game of set three, love 15, little opening here for Rublev. Love 30. On court now, Arthur Rinderknech for well over six hours, this match combined with his first-round win over Christopher Eubanks, 3 hours and 49 minutes. Just wonder how those legs are feeling right about now. Love 40. A big finish, Andre Rublev, and it's he who has the early break in this third set, 2-0 for the sixth seed. Rublev leads two games to love, third set. Just a huge forehand there and then, more importantly, a huge game swing, that momentum. Not been pleased by a couple of calls, thought he saw that one long. 30. What a streak here for Rublev, 30-15. That's what you call commentator's curse, seven doubles today. 40-15, and a brilliant service hold in the end for Andre Rublev. He's got the break in hand, three games to love, third set. Nice lead in this third set, third set against Arthur Rinderknech from France. He has a 3-0 record when winning the first two sets in matches, 15 all. 15 love. 15-30. Nice angle there, but Rublev back with an angle of his own. Rinderknech looking like he might be in energy-conserving mode. You really have to think this is going to be a must-hold, isn't it, for Rinderknech? Wonder at love 4 down, double break, if he would possibly just move on to set four and start again. There's a chance of that, a chance that Rublev will break for a second time in this set, 30-40. Let's go, AR, let's go, let's go, AR, let's go. But not yet. This. Wow, Advantage Rinderknech. This has to be a little bit of a boost for Rinderknech. If he can get out of this game, he puts some pressure on Rublev to do what he's been doing, take a couple of big swings on returns. Game Rinderknech. So, nine aces for the match for Rublev, six double faults. Game Rev, and Andre Rublev survived from 15-40 in the first game of set three, love 15, little opening here for Rublev. Love 30. On court now, Arthur Rinderknech for well over six hours, this match combined with his first-round win over Christopher Eubanks, 3 hours and 49 minutes. Just wonder how those legs are feeling right about now. Love 40. A big finish, Andre Rublev, and it's he who has the early break in this third set, 2-0 for the sixth seed. Rublev leads two games to love, third set. Just a huge forehand there and then, more importantly, a huge game swing, that momentum. Not been pleased by a couple of calls, thought he saw that one long. 30. What a streak here for Rublev, 30-15. That's what you call commentator's curse, seven doubles today. 40-15, and a brilliant service hold in the end for Andre Rublev. He's got the break in hand, three games to love, third set. Nice lead in this third set, third set against Arthur Rinderknech from France. He has a 3-0 record when winning the first two sets in matches, 15 all. 15 love. 15-30. Nice angle there, but Rublev back with an angle of his own. Rinderknech looking like he might be in energy-conserving mode. You really have to think this is going to be a must-hold, isn't it, for Rinderknech? Wonder at love 4 down, double break, if he would possibly just move on to set four and start again. There's a chance of that, a chance that Rublev will break for a second time in this set, 30-40. Let's go, AR, let's go, let's go, AR, let's go. But not yet. This. Wow, Advantage Rinderknech. This has to be a little bit of a boost for Rinderknech

Takes to stay out there really. I mean, 15 all. You try to get them in the right frame of mind, and then you talk a little bit. Give me one tactical thing: hey, look for your forehand. You know, when you get a forehand and you get your feet set, go big, pound it, similar to what he was doing in the first couple of sets. 30-15. Rublev has plenty of time there to pick a target and rip it. There are no positive signs for Rinderknech; the only positivity really is that he's got two sets in the bag. He just looks like the fuel tank at this point is very close to empty. Game, double break for Andre Rublev. Stretching and reaching, and not able to get his feet anywhere near in position. Love. 15. Yeah, Rinderknech can't relax too much. You know, you still have to do something, can't just lay balls in the middle of the court, got to have some purpose, keep the intensity up. 30-5 overall in his mind though, Rublev's mind. What will he be feeling, do you think, right now? Confidence. You look across the net and you see someone who's kind of spraying balls, maybe doesn't look that great, then that happens and like, what is going on? This is very possibly the only thing that Rinderknech can do right now, anything in that wheelhouse. 40. 30. Shake of the head probably tells us everything we need to know. Game of Rublev consolidates again for love. Rublev leads four games to love, fourth set, two games away from a deciding fifth set here on Stadium. 17, usopen.org, remember your online home for Point BYO live scoring, highlights, real-time stats, and draws. You can visit the official tournament site at usopen.org. 15, love. Nice serve into the body again, good use of that serve, a little better job getting a speed in place and some of the forehand unforced errors we saw earlier in this set. Out one ahead in the winner count, Arthur Rinderknech, 44 winners for him, 43 for Rublev. Frenchman does have six more unforced errors though throughout the match. 40-15. Game, Rinderknech. New balls, please. Four games to one. Four, what he can. Rublev leads two sets to one. Stay competitive times, Mark. It's not easy to play someone who's visibly fading, is it? Because you just sort of let your guard down a little bit, you can get kind of pulled down with them. But looks like right now Rublev is managing, creating his own energy. 15. Is it important to treat your opponent like they're playing as well as they can and not think about that? I think you play you and the ball. It's just right now, it's me and the ball. That's what I'm going to try to focus on. Someone like Rublev, you know, he's been there before since he's not a rookie out there. He's, you know, been in this position, trained to be in this position. 40. 18th ace from Rublev. Game, Rublev. Another easy hold ticks off. Rublev leads five games to one, fourth set, game away from a deciding fifth set. 15. Love. Now 5-1 down in the third set after Rinderknech gave up the game he was receiving on that occasion. Looks like he's putting a little bit more effort into this one. 3-love on 40-love. Try and ask Andre Rublev to serve it out. Game, Rinderknech. Rinderknech has done what he can do behind serve. Rublev leads five games to two, fourth set. Rinderknech leads two sets to one behind the second and looks much, much fresher than his opponent right now. 15. The second service when he's forced to reach, Rinderknech actually could get a lot of pop and a lot of length on that forehand. 15-30. And a little bit of a glimpse here for Rinderknech. Not taking any time in between points, is he? Rublev, 15-40. This match has been full of twists and turns. If you've joined us from the first points, there may be more to come. 30-40. Did a great job creating space to hit that ball, got out of the way quickly, saves two break points. Rublev has been broken five times today. Rinderknech overall has had 24 break point opportunities. This will be a set point rather than a break point. Advantage Rublev. This can't convert back to deuce. Good dig out of the corner from Rublev, a pretty big return, another big return. Set point number two, and this time he does finish it off, six games to. We're going to a fifth set here on with the man from Czechia, Yishi Leka. Andre Rublev come back from a love two set deficit four years at Roland Garros when he defeated Sam Querrey. You've got to manufacture some energy here, regardless of how you feel, got to have a little bit of energy to make one push here. Looks like Rinderknech's whole body is going into cramps. Yeah, watching Rinderknech at the end of this point after he hits his backhand, you can see him stiffen up and kind of wobble. Rinderknech has been broken his first service games of both set three and four. There's the number behind though, nine shots or more rallies, Rublev winning. And no surprise that Rinderknech gets a time violation. He has been absolutely making the most of those 25 seconds in between points. 15. Wonder if that might just get him a little fired up here. A couple of good deliveries right there. He's got to take everything, put it into the serve, get up on the scoreboard early. There a winning record in five-set matches, Arthur Rinderknech, four wins, three defeats. When major matches have gone the distance here at the US Open, he's won both, one of course here in the first round against Christopher Eubanks. 30-40. Oh, not by much. There, Rinderknech had a good look at that forehand. Here, Rinderknech, your goal is to see if you can make Rublev play some points of consequence. He hasn't had to play too many meaningful points in the last two sets. You know, the level was very up and down the first two sets, try to get back to that position, it's more in line with the style of play he was utilizing the first couple of hours out here. Advantage proactive with the feet early in the point, looking for big forehands right now, looking for the least fluffy ball, one that he can get the most power off. Back to deuce we go. Anytime they get into a longish rally, it goes the way of Rublev. Now the Rublev rhythm off the ground looking pretty solid. Marcus Bas, we've seen him in the crowd there in the team of Andre Rublev. He'll be pretty happy because he's the fitness trainer of the world number six. There he is in the glasses with the white T-shirt and the red stripe. Arthur Rinderknech summoning up some kind of energy from somewhere. It's been missing for the last two sets. Just wide, and so for the first time in three sets, Arthur Rinderknech does hold his opening service game. That is going to be crucial to his hopes of progressing here and beating a top 10 player for the very first time. 15. Lefty. 15. She thought Rublev missed a chance to use that inside-out forehand. I think if he would have gone behind Rinderknech, he would have had another ball, maybe an easier ball to play into the open court. Number 20 for Andre Rublev and now have 102 total winners between them. These two, that a great forehand from Rublev, a little extra spin, a little extra shape to get that ball to run away from Rinderknech. Cem Nor said about the forehand of Andre Rublev, it's got the best forehand in the world. It's really tough to get him moving, be the one to be aggressive and dictating. Not bad, too. One game more, one game on. Final set. He said he sees parallels between him and Carlos Alcaraz and they both met the perfect coaches at the perfect time. He says Fernando Vicente, who he met at 13 years of age, changed the way that Rublev trained. Before it was a lot of hours but not in the right way. Oh, that was a close one. Very, very back of the line. 15. Long. It does look like Arthur Rinderknech looks an awful lot better physically right now. How is that possible? You know, you don't see people kind of donate two sets and save up their energy. Usually, you'll see at the one set, little rest, save the energy, but in two sets, this would be remarkable. But he also knows, and this is go time right here.

He doesn't stay on serve early, he won't be able to put any scoreboard pressure on Rublev. He's just going into the reserve locker, isn't he? Rinderknech also sees the finish line in the fifth set, knowing he has to hang tough for another 20 to 30 minutes. There's a big reaction from Rinderknech, back in contention. There are 10 Frenchmen in the world's top 100 right now, with Rinderknech at 51. What a serve there, love time for a fresh start. Holding up, Rinderknech levels it at two games apiece. Join us in celebrating the USA Foundation's 30 years of impact, bringing tennis and educational opportunities to youth from underserved communities. 

Oh, what a pass with the slice, love 15. This is a great approach shot from Rinderknech, turning up the dial. Just exceptional tennis, with Rublev having more break points. Rublev takes the lead in set five, three games away from moving on to round three. Rinderknech still believes. He came out with a clear game plan to attack anything short with his big forehand. Another huge serve from Rublev, who is now in control. Rinderknech runs out of steam, and Rublev backs up the break. 

Rinderknech is paying a heavy price for his opening round win. Both players have hit more total winners than unforced errors. Rublev is in control, physically and emotionally exhausted. Rublev has found enough energy to summon a huge comeback. He's been able to ride his first serve in the fifth set and withstand a big push from Rinderknech. Rublev wins the match against Rinderknech in a thoroughly entertaining encounter. Rublev has a lot of desire in his heart, making a huge comeback after losing the second set. 

This match has been simply superb, with Rublev saving the best for last. He secures a double break and the match against Rinderknech. Rublev wins 4-6, 5-7, 6-1, 6-2, 6-2 in 4 hours and 6 minutes.