[Music] Pastina. [Applause] [Music] The late Edwin Weey Teal, photographer, naturalist, and author, once said of this time of year, "The world's favorite season is the spring. All things seem possible in May." Anything certainly seems possible for the two women contesting today's championship in the Spanish capital. Aside from both being born in the month of May, their tennis seems to thrive this time of year. What happens here this evening may tell us much going forward. Ega has been the dominant player on the red dirt the last few years. And yet, there is one glaring vacancy on her clay court resume: Madrid champion. She got oh so close last year, falling one set short, but she's returned to the final in Madrid in terrific form and this may be her year. Aryna Sabalenka enjoys May in this city in particular. Twice she's left town with all the glory and the hardware, including her triumph last season, but she's never won a single event three times. There is reason to believe, as she does, this may be her chance. And now the stage is set. Both have earned their way into this championship round, bringing up an interesting dynamic because for the second straight year, it'll be one versus two, Swiatek versus Sabalenka, not just a match, a rematch in Madrid.

There will be photos taken facing both ways. You have unlimited challenges. Please make that very clear for me if you decide to do so. One request from my side is please do not wipe out the mark before the for the thing I shown on the screens. Apart from that, for the toll boxes, how about you take the red one, white for you. Any questions? No. Then we'll have the digital coin toss here. Would you like WTA or MU Madrid? WTA has been chosen. Madrid, sir, has been chosen. Okay, take a quick photo, please. This way. And the other way. Two of the most informed members of the big three, if you include Elena Rebaka, which seems to be going around a lot amongst the pundits. Well, one versus two. It is time to get it done. Aryna Sabalenka in pursuit of what she hopes is a third title in Madrid and her 13th overall, putting the ball in play to world number one Ega Swiatek. [Music] [Applause] Swiatek actually with a 14-2 record in finals, Sabalenka as she hopes to pursue what would be only the second player since 2009 when this tournament was formed to accomplish the goal of taking three titles away from this event, title number 15. That would equal her with Petra Kvitova, the only player to do so. 150. [Music] [Applause] 153. Both players with longtime coaching partnerships, for Sabalenka, Anton Dubrov, well-documented. He started out as her hitting partner and has morphed into her longtime coaching position and she's enjoyed great success. It's a very nice, easy relationship for Sabalenka, who can, by my admission, be a bit up and down at times. Dubrov can offer a bit of solace and calm, but already Sabalenka feeling uneasy. Well, I think she liked putting him in that role as well because she expressed how much she wanted someone who knew her extremely well, was very familiar with her, and that made her feel a little bit more comfortable. But you're right, in a little bit of danger here already, a couple break points, and broken immediately as Swiatek assumes control from the opening point.

Ega travels well. She's got fans all over the globe. The top player from Poland has enjoyed great support wherever she has gone. We think back to when she finished off the year on a tremendous run, had to win that tournament to remain year-end number one and did so and she got good support in Mexico and transferred here to Madrid as well. She handles challenges so well. The intense focus that she had throughout that event was outstanding. And that's what got her through. That included a victory over Sabalenka in Cancun in group play. She won 63 62. Swiatek serves for the first time. Both of these women have had outstanding records at WTA 1000 events this year. Swiatek going for her third WTA 1000 title of the season. She picked up career titles number 18 and 19 in Doha and Indian Wells respectively. And as she looks for her 20th career title, her longtime coach, Thomas Dabrowski, had worked previously with Agnieszka Radwanska, most notably getting her to world number two and a major runner-up at Wimbledon. It's been an excellent partnership between him and Ega. We were talking about the altitude. It's a warmer day. Obviously, these conditions seem to favor aggressive players. Is there something Sabalenka has to do in order to really impose herself in this match? I think she just needs to play how she normally plays, which is basically a big serve and big off that first ball. She cannot hesitate in that category. She's just got to step up a little bit more, especially on second serve, she's got to be aggressive. Applying pressure, getting Swiatek on the move on the forehand side on the run. That's going to help her a lot. Sabalenka with a chance to get even and breaks back immediately for one off. What a great response because the start here for Sabalenka is going to be important. There have been a couple of matches to get to this final where it took her time to get the rhythm to get feeling good, and I don't think she has as much leeway to do that today. Although it worked against Rebakina, she was down very fast against Rebakina and worked her way back. That opening set was a blip. 6-1 Rebakina before Sabalenka was able to turn things around. But that's sort of been the way things have gone. A bit up and down year for her. She started the season 11 and one, reaching two finals in Australia, runner-up to Rebakina in Brisbane and champion for the second straight year in Melbourne for the Australian Open title. Then arrived with a 4 and 4 record since leaving Australia. To the right near sideline, the ball was called out, but she seemingly found just every which way to win and build herself to victory as we'll see a challenge here. Follow points. The compression of the ball just kissed that outer edge and it does earn a replay of the point. Thank you. Sabalenka already made the beginning of this match compared to her previous matches, doing a better job of getting ready after that serve much quicker. She's so good on the stretch on the forehand to see that target and just be so committed to that shot. Pretty dynamic off the ground and the power of the forehand of Sabalenka earns her first winner and her second gets a little help from the net cord. Sabalenka looking to post the first hold of these opening three games. Talk about equalizer. Well, it's been pretty even to this point, hasn't it? In every passing. Each with a break. Each now with eight points. And each now little trickle over the net cord. A lot of times you can tell by Sabalenka's grunt if the ball's going to go out or in before.

It lands because she's looking at her. No, by hearing the grunt. She stops her grunt when she feels like she's missed it long. That's right. Yeah, that one you could tell she just pulled up on it at the last moment. [Applause] Second, Sabalenka has been able to rush her off the ground. The longer these rallies go, Sabalenka's been inching her way closer to the baseline and just been able to rush on the baseline a few times. [Music] Big ones. Well, that almost helped that second serve was deeper into the service box because with Spian's core position, she was able to catch it more in her strike zone. I like that change up after a couple backhand winners that Fion's been able to produce on the return. Good change up from Sabalenka. Catch leaning the wrong way. And Aryna Sabalenka does indeed earn the first hold. Broken in her first effort. And we're underway in a rematch of last year's final. Same two players, one versus two. Defending champion out in front, 2-1. City of Madrid. 3.5 million people populate this, the largest city, the capital of Spain, nicknamed La Villa y Corte, the town and court and honored to have that moniker. And we are on the main court in Madrid, Manolo Santana Stadium, four-time major champion. It is named after a four-time major champion her own right. Three times on this surface in Paris, Iga serving for the second time. Let's go. Okay, set 15 left. [Applause] Great. Have to see how she responds now, which is so far so good from Iga. Muguruza, two-time major champion in her own right amongst her 10 titles including winning Roland Garros and Wimbledon against if memory serves Serena and Venus respectively says she's happy to step away from the game. It wasn't a big decision for her that she's ready for the next chapter in her life. By the way, I think she's the only player to beat the Williams sisters, each of them in a major final. You might be right. Yeah, I think you might be right. Good on you, Garbinia. Just looking at her posts online, she seems very happy. I think it varies amongst different players. There's Barbara Kikova, former Roland Garros champion in her own right. In fact, won the only one in the last what, four years that was not won by Iga. That's right. Yeah. And a solid hold from Swiatek in response to her first trip to the line when she was broken. And no surprise really because Iga is not only the holder of the WTA rankings but also tops the WTA in most serving statistics. We'll talk a bit more about that the next time she's at the line. But is there a danger for Aryna Sabalenka being the aggressive player that she is perhaps going up against Swiatek even with the win last year on this court? She knows she's capable of winning, but feeling she might almost be forced to overproduce or do you think she's gotten to the mature level now that doesn't feel that doesn't need it? I don't necessarily think so. No. Especially here in Madrid where she is so comfortable. She loves these conditions so much. And I know she's had some tough matches leading up to this final. But like I said, I almost feel like that helped her take on those challenges to feel more comfortable. And you know, that's the way she plays. She's used to being that aggressive. That's a great shot. I don't think she would press that much in my opinion. Okay. But depends how this first set continues to go as well. Swiatek able to track this down very well and whips the passing shot. Yeah, I think you make a good point about the fact in here in Madrid, she's felt so good in the final for the third time in the last four years and in her sixth appearance here in the Spanish capital. There might be a good takeaway for Aryna in the fact that if she gets out of her opening match, if she wins a match in Madrid, she goes on to win the title. So far, that's been the case. And here she is championship day. [Music] 2018 2019 lost in the first round and she did two years ago as well when she defended her 2021 title. But she's now in the midst of an 11 match win streak. Sabalenka hoping this is her year to go back to back in Madrid. Warren 40. already went back to back in Australia. Did so at the Australian Open from last year and this year hoping to do the same in Madrid and off to a good start. Defending champion with an extra trip to the line and an extra hold. Leads 3-2. It is the path to a title so often now in their 10th overall meeting. Swiatek versus Aryna Sabalenka. The winner of this match will indeed be champion of Madrid. And in their nine previous encounters, Joe Krabus, which of course Swiatek has won six out of those nine. Seven times the winner of the match has lifted the trophy in that tournament. When either Iga and Aryna play each other, nine previous matches they played, whatever round it was, wherever they went on to win the title, the winner won seven of those nine the title. Seven titles at those nine matches or events. I'll get it right. Well, that the point is it's going to happen again here for the eighth time in 10 meetings. One way or another. Let's talk a little bit about Iga's serve, Jill, and break it down a bit. We know that she's amongst the very best. In fact, she is number one in overall service points won, service games won, break points saved. She doesn't overwhelm you. She's not big on the ace total, but she gets the job done so effectively. Well, I think she's there a couple things there. I think she's very smart about her serve placement. I think she is very perceptive about where her opponent is and their strategy of where they want to return the ball. But I think that has a lot to do with how fast she is off the ground, too. She reacts and gets to the next ball off her serve so well. That's great recovery after that little slip. But even when she's playing opponents that return very aggressively and deep, she always majority of time is able to get her racket on the ball because she's so quick off that first step off the serve. [Applause] It's good to see her coming forward into the net as well because I feel like that's an area that she doesn't explore that often that she could get a lot better at. Sec42 does so well to be able to pick targets from the center of the court. Swiatek left flatfooted. That one just kind of sat up there for Sabalenka. That's a perfect example there. We're talking about she is smart about the choices she makes on the serve. Okay, Sabalenka's been loving the heat coming into her rackets that time. Took ton of pace off, but needed the angle to stretch Sabalenka and did well there. Dig Wells, Duke. [Applause] That was unusual from Swiatek. Didn't quite get up to that one with her feet enough. Ended up catching it pretty low. It's being Daniela and Feliciano, [Applause] [Music] Big Wellers, you Yeah, considerably breezier for this championship match than it has been during the course of this two-event. Swiatek looking to escape another threat to her serve from Sabalenka and not pleased with putting that ball in the net. Understandably so, Jill you'd be able to talk about this more though that now that Swiatek's dawned this top even though the temperature is warmer is the breeze perhaps making a little cooler out there. It could. Yeah, for sure it could be because it's been cool pretty much the whole tournament. And so that breeze would probably be a little bit cooler. Well, her third trip to the line was anything but the breeze, but still gets the job done. Has to save a couple break points in the process. Swiatek has herself even through six games. Three games. [Applause] As we said in the head-to-head, the metrics all seem to favor Iga Swiatek overall. Leader on clay court matches, leader in finals. Mentioned that between these two of their nine previous meetings, the winner of this match seven times went on to win the title. There's a caveat for Aryna going back to the semi-final against Rebakina. That interesting little wrinkle Jill is against Elena Rebakina. Sabalenka now a 6 and 3.

Record in the previous eight meetings. The winner of that match five times went on to win the title. So Sabalenka is kind of double-booked now. The path at times goes Kevin. Just checking things out and thought that was intriguing. Maybe tennis fans think so as well. Wow. [Applause] And that's called wide. Sabalenka worn out. She was off balance through much of that rally. Bit unfortunate it caught the net cord. Sabalenka just being drawn left and right by Swiatek. She defended very well. I actually felt she got herself into a position where she's more balanced on that forehand, and it's just bad luck it hit the net cord because that's the shot that is so good off her racket, that forehand angle crosscourt, and that's the one that can hurt. So quick on that return. So fast with the racket head. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] 154. Swiatek's chance to procure a second break and finally grab the lead. That was a heavy forehand from Swiatek as well. It felt like she was in control and then out of nowhere, Sabalenka took a couple of extra steps, good position, and allowed her body to flow through that forehand. [Applause] That's how you defend break points. You just slap winner after winner. There's a pair. It just looked like she wasn't even thinking. She made the decision to go after it, and that's very helpful. The less thinking, the better. Yes. Get out of your own way. Get out of your head. Well, for anybody really. It seems like those have been the moments where the tenseness has shown for Sabalenka, who's been a lot more calm, particularly through the start of the season. But if she starts to feel the nerves around her serve, she's done well to defend here. [Music] What the hell? Big Wallace. Thank you. [Applause] Sabalenka throwing herself into her service game here, trying desperately to emerge unscathed in game seven, reclaim the lead for a third time. And both are settling in. Each had to face multiple break points in their last trip to the line, but after they traded breaks to start, five consecutive holds and 37 once again, Sabalenka finds herself out front, four games to three. Seeking the title in Madrid to complete the collection of clay court crowns. She has been a champion in Rome three times over at Roland Garros, but not in Madrid. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her. Swiatek serving 3-4 opening set, trying to put that on her resume. Of course, also missing out on a couple of majors, Australian Open and Wimbledon, as she gets greedy for wanting a little bit of everything, and you can't blame her.

Madrid for Egosantech, the world number one. Last year's runner-up to the woman she's facing in this championship on this very day. Building a nice progression. Third round three years ago, didn't play in 2022, and finalist last year, hoping to become champion, looking for a one-set advantage over the defending champ. Sincerity seems to have it lined up. Think was there a problem with the grip or timing? Just looked like she rushed it a bit and got slightly close to that ball. It probably took her by surprise. The return was shorter than it has been, and she tried to get up so fast that she ended up brushing herself. That's unfortunate for Sabalanka. She did so well to control much of that point. She was in control of the majority of the point, and Kontaveit just came up with a great pass, was able to dip the backhand to Sabalanka's feet well enough where Sabalanka had to just pop up that volley. Good awareness from 1530 Venezuelan-born player under the Spanish flag, Garbin Moarua, a two-time major champion. And there's Fel Lopez, now synonymous with this tournament as director. Getting the feeling there's a lot of Spanish intrigue on who's sitting in the stands and in that box in particular. That was a good hit though. Just missing Fionek felt pretty sure that that one just missed. She was right on the line tracking that ball. Yeah, that hand went up pretty quick with the racket, indicated she thought it was out. And there's no objection. And now a critical juncture here in the 12th game. That was brilliant. Comes up with the goods. Her second ace. Pretty sparing in that statistic, but it comes at the best possible time at the 1-hour mark. Fionek a chance to stamp out the opening set and the world number one fired up as she covets a title in Madrid, and she's one set closer. The ultimate front-runner in the sport at the moment, Fionek garners the opening set. Does so in 61 minutes, 75 over the defending champion. One of the most competitive sets and there now 22 sets played against each other. In fact, only the second time that a set has gone to 75 between Fionek and Sabalenka. They've never played a tiebreak against each other. Set number 23 between them begins with the defending champion having to dig herself out from a one-set deficit for a third time in this event. The three-set master thus far begins set two from the line and Jill Kravis. It has been something of a theme for Sabalanka here. We mentioned she came in after her Australian Open triumph with a four-and-four record in the time since. Certainly not playing at the full height of her capabilities, and by virtue of the fact that four of her five matches here this tournament have gone three sets, she's had to dig deep. But that's what's been so great, that she's been able to get through those matches because it's not easy to turn that around either. To have to bring that immense amount of intensity week in and week out, which these players do all the time, is not easy to do. Especially when you're on a plane every week, have to adjust to different circumstances. And in her seventh trip to the line, her easiest. Aryna Sabalenka begins the set unblemished with a hold. What you're talking about is one of the reasons or number of the reasons Moarua said she retired from the sport because she was tired of being solitary on the road, wants to move on to the next chapter. We can't move on to the next chapter without looking back at the opening 61 minutes. Yeah, it was a very tight first set. Could have gone either way. Both had breaks and a lot of break chances as well. I think the second serve points won hurt Sabalanka in that first set. I think that was a key difference. It was just 31% off her racket, but you can see all the other numbers relatively similar. So, it's just these slight differences between these top players that can make the world of difference or just a point here and there between a set. Somehow, someway, Fionek was able to go Houdini and escape from the clutches of Sabalanka after she trailed through much of the first set. She won the final three games to take it 75. Not a dominant performance by the world number one as we had seen so many times in seven of her 11 sets previously. She only allowed a game or less. You know where she has been dominant, Joe, when winning the first set. Now head-to-head between them in their nine previous meetings. The winner of the opening set has won seven of those nine. But for Fionek, she's an incredible front-runner. Since the start of the 2023 season when winning the opening set, my right brain around that. 88 and 2. 27 and 1 this season, including winning 21 consecutive matches coming into this final and holding the advantage she does. We could even delve just a touch further if you like. It's a good Savalanka feeling good right now. She's got all the points to begin set number two. So, she's certainly got designs on finding a way to force a third set. Techch in WTA 1000 matches when winning the opening set in matches that reach their conclusion is unbeaten 75 and 0 but in danger of being broken here for a two-love lead for the world number. Those numbers are absolutely staggering. And I think, you know, she says herself that she never wants to take her foot off the gas. She respects all of her opponents. She knows what they're capable of, and she doesn't take any match lightly. She knows if you give some of these players one little opening, it could cost the set or the match or whatever. So she always tries to keep that intensity every single point. She's trying to keep the intensity at a height that has kept her at the ultimate height, hasn't she? I mean, since she assumed the number one ranking from Ashardy two years ago, she has held the top spot in the whole logic WTA rankings for all but eight weeks, 100 out of 109. But you know who took it away from her for those eight weeks? Aryna Sabalenka, who flexes early. Two-love second set. Sabalenka. Two games to love. That's great recovery from Sabalenka after losing the first set. Just regrouping so well mentally. Can say it 15. Okay. Seal 15 all. Good pressure from Sabalenka in that particular corner. That's the shot she's going to be looking to execute as often as possible. That's where the breeze picking up can be a little troublesome. If that clay starts to dry and come into dust form, can whip up and cause the players problems around the eye region. Saw that clearly. Fionek on the move. Yeah, with the breeze. I think that's why both players or Fionek more in particular is being picky about that toss on the serve because it's hard to keep that toss consistent with it moving in the air so much. Only aspect to it being interesting if dust is getting in Sabalenka's eyes as you probably know they water the courts between sets. So between set one and two when there was the three-minute delay there's a chance to dampen down this surface. It's Sabalenka who's lost a bit of her focus after eight of the first 10 points of this set. Here's Fionek's chance to get on the board. Keep interesting kind of feet there on that one. Ended up reaching. It's the first double fault from Sabalenka in this match, an area where she's shown vulnerability in the past, but she's been keeping under wraps through the majority of this season, but it sets her up in danger once again. Fionek back on serve.

Iga Swiatek is in full tracking mode, handling everything Aryna Sabalenka throws at her in the third game and finding a way to break back. They trade breaks early in set number two, with Swiatek holding a one-set advantage in the Madrid championship. Madrid, the Spanish capital, sits at 650 meters above sea level (2100 ft), making it the second highest point in Europe behind Andorra's capital, Andorra la Vella. This altitude favors players with big aggressive games who like to take the ball early and use their power, like Sabalenka with her two titles at this event. Swiatek is now trying to power her way to her first title here.

Swiatek's record this season when winning the opening set is impressive, with her only loss coming against Iga Swiatek in the third round of the Australian Open. She has won 21 in a row since then, showcasing her dominance. Despite facing a well-executed drop shot from Sabalenka, Swiatek couldn't reach it in time. Sabalenka has only lost 13 matches in her career when winning the opening set, boasting a winning percentage of 94%. Swiatek, despite facing challenges with her movement on the court, remains focused and determined.

Sabalenka seizes another breakpoint opportunity, displaying mental resolve and quick thinking to secure a break for 3-1. The match intensifies as both players showcase their skills and strategies. Sabalenka's ability to handle pressure and challenges from her opponents has been both a curse and a blessing throughout the tournament. She has faced numerous break points but has managed to save many of them, showing her resilience on the court.

As the match progresses, Swiatek fights back with determination, breaking Sabalenka four consecutive times in the second set. The intense competition between the world number one and number two players adds excitement to the final match in Madrid. Swiatek's improved performance on returns and serves keeps her in contention as she aims to win in two sets. The battle between these two top players highlights their skills, mental strength, and competitive spirit on the court.

The serve because I think overall she's been more successful when she's gone to serve to the Fiontech forehand as the backhand that Fiontech's been able to hurt her quickly on the return. But I think she prefers the Fiontech's backhand because it's lower. It's not as high. It's not as heavy of a spin. That one kicked up just enough where she caught it late. But I think Sabalenka overall she likes having that ball more in the strike zone rather than having to deal with the higher ball consistently from the Fiontech forehand.

Great combination, but the accuracy has to be spot on. I like the slice in the shorter part of the service box. Slice just moved away from the court, opening for Sabalenka to target. Why is there a little change up there mid-rally but brings out the fast ball once again. 145 19th winner Sabalenka. She used the forehand with great effect. Very clean match from these two today. Not a lot of ups and downs as far as finding themselves with some difficult patterns and poor play. Both plus in the winners to unforced errors differential to this point.

Seven games recorded in set number two. Sabalenka trying to get set number three going in Madrid. Ladies and gentlemen, 15th edition of the Mutua Madrid Open. Fiontech, world number one, trying to add her name to the list of former champions at this event of which there have only been nine women. Amongst them, twice champion is her opponent, Aryna Sabalenka. It's the one title on red clay that Fiontech does not possess and that she covets most right now. Serving 34 up a set.

I mean, there has to be a level that over time just by attrition has to get frustrating and at times just even mentally debilitating to know that you unleash, you put so much into that return and it comes back and it comes right back and you have to make a tough shot on that. I mean, I think you might agree. I don't know. That's what I'm going to ask you. But Sabalenka's level in this set incrementally seems to be rising. She seems to be playing better tennis. And yet here's Fiontech still in the mix.

Yeah, that's a perfect example. I mean, I think there's so many of these points that have been on Sabalenka's racket that she probably would have won against quite a few other players, but the defense and how Fiontech, that particular shot, changing the defense to the offense out of nowhere, it catches you by surprise. And the key is as a player, you just have to assume every single ball is coming back. That just makes you much more sharp and aware and ready for the next ball to come.

Yeah, that's absolutely a valid point. I just continue to marvel that Aryna throws so much physically. She does into particularly the forehand from both sides. But I like that she doesn't back down. She still goes after it. Even if she's making some errors that she's not happy with, she's not going to stop doing that, she's going to unleash that. That's her game. But I like that she doesn't pull back or start doubting herself. She just keeps going after the ball. Unrelenting. It served her well. Good word. It's what keeps her in that number two spot, isn't it? That's so that's great from Fiontech.

Yeah, because as soon as Fion feels like, okay, that was the last ball was the one ball that she actually had some time on it to do something with it. But I love the fact that she didn't rush herself, just picked her spot. Really good job. Tied at 143. And Fiontech draws even again. So from 3-1 down, she found a way to break back and a couple of holds puts her at four apiece as she still hopes that once again she's able to outlast Sabalenka. And this time it would yield revenge for last year's championship round.

Serving for all just such small margins at this point at this stage of the match. Jane Sealis 150. Wow. Excellent job because those were the type of points Sabalenka was not able to get through when Fiontech was getting so many of these balls back in play. Mix it up better in that particular point. Didn't always go to the same spot. 40-15. And again, the intent of Iga Swiatek: get that ball quickly back upon Sabalenka's racket. Don't give her time to settle. Get in position to strike. Works to good effect to get to 40-30. Sabalenka does her part for the second consecutive set. She finds herself out in front 5-4. Didn't finish well in the opening set. She's hoping for a reverse in fortune, seeking a third set on championship day.

Trying to pick up a third title on the season, her 30th match win. She's been pretty terrific when it comes to her match win record in finals. She's won seven of her last eight to get her to this point as she serves 4-5 second set for Swiatek in total Kansas City 19 and 4 record but winning seven last eight you know who she lost to that one loss in her last eight finals. Sabalenka exactly right here this very court 12 months ago. Well, nice from Sabalenka cause I'm surprised Swiatek was able to get that ball back, but stayed nice and steady on that last forehand. Sabalenka did a good job of that crosscourt forehand from Swiatek back in the court. You could see she was fighting this one quite a bit and just landed too short. Nicely done by Swiatek. What? That was a good shot because you know it was Conte felt could feel Sabalenka inching forward. Third field. How big she goes on the return. That second serve has got to be quality. Yeah, she can feel that just sort of pressure coming almost as if Sabalenka is putting on a full-court press. It draws the double fault and them even to 30 all and Sabalenka rewarded for assertiveness converting three of nine break points today. If she converts a fourth, she'll go into familiar territory.

And why not? It's where she's done her damage. Aryna Sabalenka breaks for the second set and for the fifth time in her six matches in defense of her title last year. It'll go the full three sets. It has been a theme for Aryna Sabalenka for the fifth time in this tournament out of six matches played. She will head to a third set. It's the fourth straight year that the Mutua Madrid Open Championship round has gone three sets. Sabalenka involved in two of those and she emerges champion both times. She serves to start set number three. Consistent. And in both of those previous 15 Madrid finals that Sabalenka was victorious in three sets, she beat the world number one at the time. That's Swiatek last year and right 2021. party in 2021. Yep. In fact, those are her two clay wins in now her seventh final, the only time. But she has had the opportunity and done the damage to knock off the reigning number one in the process. Let Fussen It's just too good of an angle from that position. 30-15. Again, I felt like that was a point that Swiatek had control, but sometime or Sabalenka had control, but sometimes Swiatek, even on the defense, she can come up with a very offensive shot. Swiatek has challenged Nicole on the left far sideline. Ball was called out. Who stands 40-15 Guarent. for Peter. Sabalenka and Sabalenka Rafido to get the opening game and what will be the deciding set for this championship in Madrid. Game final sets. just seemed to gather ahead of steam and this time she didn't lose the lead when she had it late. Talking about Aryna Sabalenka, just her level continued to rise. She played aggressive effective tennis. Here's a look at the numbers. Well, I think similar to the first set I think where Swiatek was struggling or sorry, Sabalenka was struggling on the first and second serve points one. that sort of flip-flopped now whereas Swiatek struggled a little bit more both dipping below 50% and Sabalenka rose in that category so that was much better from her just took care of her serve a lot better and I think got more aggressive on the return and that's why I feel like service numbers dropped Historically

Between these two in their 10th meeting, Shriant holds the edge virtually in every category but one. This is the fifth time that they've gone three sets, and it's actually Sabalanka who has a 3-1 lead when it goes the distance. That's not easy to do what Tech just did, directing down the line with that amount of pressure and pace on the ball. Great extension of the arms, good power. We know that the forehand should be feared, but the backhand is a lethal weapon at times too. I think especially that down the line one, that's where I feel Sava's improved a lot because you see a lot of players leaning to the crosscourt because they're expecting that shot, and that's something she's incorporated much better.

4K5. Oh god. And Fiontek able to match. So, a couple of holds to begin a contest that has seen eight breaks combined. Both get off to solid starts, things starting to even out a bit incrementally. Still in favor of Eg, and the win probability still registering in the fact that it's her 10th clay court final. She's a three-time Roland Garros champion, and she has the head-to-head 6-3, but Sabalanka has to really like her chances that she's put herself in this position. Definitely overall in this match, even though Sabalenka lost that first set, I feel like so many of the points have been on her racket. It's been fantastic defending incredibly well. I mean, don't get me wrong, she's been on the offense quite a few times herself, but I just feel like that's just the feeling I get from this match, that she's the one that is dictating, doing what Fiona does well with the exception of the dip and serve and you know, not there. But for Sabalenka, she does seem like the conduit to which the flow is going, the pace, the manner in which and the level at which they're playing. It's dictated by her. Or I could put it another way. I concur. It's a little off balance. Thank you. Well, that point might encapsulate what you're talking about as well. Fiontek always just gliding ever so steadily, keeps herself reined in where Sabalenka is the one who leans into everything, going after her shots.

That's well done. I think where I would give Fiontek the edge is even when she's looking off balance or it looks like she's in trouble, she somehow is able to turn the point around pretty often because she has such good footwork. That was a great shot there where she was just able to slide to the backhand and keep that balance. Stick-to-itiveness paying off for Sabalenka, and determination goes a long way for you as well. Another chance to break for the lead. Great first ball off the court from Fiontek. Holds the backswing pretty significantly, just forcing Sabalenka to have to choose one way or the other. A cracker of a backhand finds purchase. The amount of pressure she puts on you, I mean, you know, this backhand cannot go that short. And Fiontek's feet just got a little tangled. Normally, you see her consistently do the open stance forehand. That time she just got a little bit stuck. Sabalenka able to change direction. Let's go. And Sabalenka does well to survive an early scare, holds Fionek at bay, and they begin with three consecutive holds to start the final set in Madrid, two games to one.

The fun that is involved in the tussle between Fiontek and Aryna Sabalenka, their 10th meeting, second consecutive year they vie for the title as champion of the Mutua Madrid Open. Fiontek covets this title and looks to become the 10th woman to raise the trophy in Madrid versus two-time champion Sabalenka at the top of your screen. Can't 15. Joe Kravis, we've seen a lot these two weeks of Fiontek. In fact, we've seen the better part of the last four or five years a lot of these two women. So, I ask this question just to pause a little thought in your head. But as Aryna Sabalenka continues to be the straw that stirs the drink in this match, we know, and I mean this in the most positive way, she can be a bit of a bully on court. She's competitive, a giant as evidenced by the fact that seven of her 11 sets coming into this final, she won either 6-1 or 6-0. But is there a difference for her now? Is there a different feeling in this encounter as she can be such an aggressive player her own this particular encounter or between the two overall in general? I think in general, but it feels a little bit more skewing towards this match. I think this match in particular is standing out to me that I feel like Sabalenka is the one that's dictating the majority of the match that's standing out to me in this particular match. And might that put Fiontek in something of an awkward, unfamiliar position of sorts? Yeah, because normally I feel like she is the one that's the aggressor and dictating, but today in particular, I feel like she's had to do a lot of defending. And I give her huge credit because she's been very mentally strong because it can get exhausting defending that much. Yeah, Eva knew it. Yeah. Um and she's fine. I mean, she, I don't think I've ever seen Fiontek play a match where she looks like she's getting tired or anything. So, she could do that all day long, but and she's used to facing that much power, but to have to consistently do that, it can be tiring. Great job. Where she's excellent is anything short, she's on top of it in a flash. And the feet never stop working, but particularly when moving downhill towards the net, when she gets that first push and can chase short balls, Fiontek can be devastating. Thanks for 13.

And Fiontek, broken six times in the previous five rounds, finds herself upended once again by Aryna Sabalenka. The defending champion breaks for a fifth time and for the second straight set, she finds herself with a 3-1 lead. That is very strong. Three balls in a row pretty much on the baseline. Love that she first break opportunity in that game just unleashed, no doubt in her mind. Had to defend a couple of break points in her previous service game, but did not falter. That was a great pick up. That was a strong return from Fiontek. Kane Sigwell is 15-0. No reaction from Fiontek after that break. Just right back down to business. Yeah. Almost as if her cap, the way it's bent on the brim, just sort of narrows her focus like blinders, right? I mean, she just is right back to work.

15-13. A much more aggressive game after all that talk about Sabalenka being the aggressor. That's definitely a higher level return game from Fiontek. Yeah, concerted effort to get back. And again, no lead is safe here. Just because you're broken, you must protect. Fion looking to break back, convert her fifth of now 12 opportunities. Let's Tech and Strong Tech back in good stead for the fourth time in this final, those three games to holding a break lead. Doesn't stand up and broken right back, and we're back on serve in set number three. 19 career titles to her credit. Number 20 would merit champion of Madrid for the first time. The only European clay court title of note that she lacks. Fiontek back on serve having just broken, putting the ball in play at 2-3. Sarah Kingston 15.

That was a big forehand with a little bit more pop on that serve as well. Couple minutes past 9:00 p.m. local time in Madrid. Sixth game of the final set. See who'll be handed the trophy. Match beginning 143 minutes ago began with two breaks of serve to start. Sabalenka built a 5-4 lead in the opening set before Fiontek won three straight games, took a one-set lead. They actually exchanged four breaks at the beginning of the second set. That is a high-quality point, big ball striking from both players. Third goal.

Game font has put a little bit more pace overall off the ground, pushing Sabalenka back. Shiontech exerting quality control, with terrific striking off the ground. She has upped the pace off the ground, especially in that point, leaning into the shots. Shiontech able to hold after Sabalenka broke to finish off the second set. In set three, they are tied at three games apiece. One of Shiontech's strongest games of the match. The pattern of backhand angle to open up the backhand down the line has been working well for Sabalenka. Both players are bringing their best tennis down the stretch. Sabalenka challenges a call on the left service line. Shiontech makes an aggressive attack but couldn't finish the job, allowing Sabalenka to hold. The match continues with high-quality play from both players.

Sabalenka finds herself having to do a lot of running, while Shiontech shows good concentration to keep her on the move. They are even in points put in play, with Shiontech hitting her 32nd winner. They have combined for 65 winners in the match, showcasing impressive tennis acumen. Sabalenka is trying to turn things around in her favor after recent struggles in finals. She faces Shiontech in a tough battle. Sabalenka demonstrates composure and resolve, trying to stay in the tournament. Shiontech aims to defend her title.

The match continues with both players showing determination and skill. Sabalenka responds well, holding her ground and staying focused. Shiontech shines facing elimination, delivering an unblemished hold. The tension rises as the match nears its conclusion. Sabalenka gains control and forces Shiontech to serve to avoid a consolation prize. The match is tied at six games apiece, with resolution and a champion imminent. Sabalenka has a championship point, aiming for back-to-back triumphs over the world number one. The match reaches a critical moment as Sabalenka stands on the brink of victory.

Overturn the call. It's a heavy big forehand from Sabalenka. Jake Wallace. Thank you. It found what it was looking for. Sabalenka. The precision of Aryna Sabalenka brings her to a second championship point. This game is amazing. The way this match has gone, 3 minutes shy of 3 hours, the longest contest between these two in their history by more than a half an hour. And forcing Sabalenka to take the scenic route around Madrid once more. And a third game point for Swiatek to wrap up game number 12. At this WTA 1000 event, the best player on clay the last four years, three-time Roland Garros champion Iga Swiatek, taking on the best player in Madrid the last four years, two-time champion Aryna Sabalenka. They played 24 sets in their history. They have never played a tiebreak. They will now to decide the champion of Madrid. Set one zero Swiatek. You saw that this has reached the three-hour mark. The longest encounter between these two. The previous longest was last year's final 2 hours and 26 minutes. Gold signals two. Come on. Presto 32. Corrections good. Overruled from Julie Shenley in the chair. Now it's going to be a first serve. Yeah. Let's see the advantage Swiatek. And the redo helps the world number one get back to even terms. So the server perfect through the opening six points of this tiebreak. 4-3 Sabalenka. Just a tiny fissure on the mini break chance now for Sabalenka. Miss Swiatek challenges the call on the right baseline. Ball was called out. All fans five call. Come in. Right spot. Take it in tight. Perfect. Take it in tight. Make it uncomfortable. Perfection from Swiatek. And now the question asked of Sabalenka. 15 minutes after she first held championship points. There's your championship point. No longer. That was unbelievable placement from Sabalenka right on the line. Magnificent tennis between world number one Iga Swiatek and Aryna Sabalenka. Predominantly through this now approaching 3 hours and 10 minutes and their first ever tiebreak remains as close as the match has. Down to the wire each having saved a championship point. Six all. That's long championship point number three for the defending champion. You didn't think they were done, Jill? No, not even close. Swiatek settles her nerve and she'll have her second try for the glory. And Swiatek conquers Madrid, adding the missing piece to her brilliant clay court resume. Her 20th career title comes in the Spanish capital and the most dominant player on clay the last four years will receive her prize. What a battle. And what a shame one has to walk away defeated. 3 hours and 11 minutes and the chase is over for Swiatek, the world number one champion of the Madrid Open. Is it working? Yeah, it's working. Last month has been kind of intense for me and feels like I haven't been on stage for forever. So, I'm speechless right now. But, thank you so much for such an incredible tournament. Always enjoy my time here. Thank you so much for the atmosphere. You guys make this place very special for me and I enjoy playing in front of you all. I just try to make this match as long as possible to enjoy as long as I can this beautiful court and atmosphere. I actually supposed to start from Aryna actually. Sorry. Congrats on another great tournament for you. You guys did an incredible job and hopefully next year it goes to me. Great play, great match, and yeah. Wow, three hours. That's a long one. Hopefully, we'll recover fast for the next tournament. Wish us luck, guys. Thank you so much to my incredible team. I'm pretty sure I have the best team. We've been through a lot and you're always there for me. You always support me and you always keep me going. Thank you so much and I love you. Hello again. Arena, too many more finals. Always a challenge playing against you. So thanks for also motivating me and forcing me to be a better player. I want to thank my team. I've had pretty nice speeches before, so I don't know what else to say to make it feel special, but I think what you saw on court was pretty special anyway. Thank you guys for sticking with me through ups and downs, for understanding and for motivating me because without you, I wouldn't be here. I hope we're going to continue progressing because that's the most important thing at the end. Yes, and I want to thank my family who's watching, my sponsors, tournament sponsors, everybody who's making this tournament possible, also volunteers, ball kids. And thank you for watching till the end and for the amazing atmosphere. It's always a pleasure to be back in Madrid. So, I'll be already looking forward to next year and have a good evening.