Please take any seat for now. Ready for play. Wind will be a factor. See that flag right there? The one thing about this stadium, because the bowl is so deep, wherever the flag is going, that's not where the wind is going. Down at the bottom of the bowl, the wind is trapped by the stadium, comes down, sweeps in, and pulls the other way. So you've got to actually see it the other way. Ready. Women's final yesterday, the near court was the tough court. To wait and see, but that could have been wind-aided. Already, an early approach off the backhand side. Novak Djokovic not allowing that ball to get up above his shoulder, so he drives the approach out, but he misses the finishing volley.

It's fascinating. For a while, Djokovic was the architect of the point, then Nadal exercised his strength. The second time, he hits it long. Early jitters for both players. Not only have they met 37 times, but look at this, they're all big matches: semifinals, quarterfinals, finals, Davis Cup. You see not a lot of power off of Djokovic's racket, but great placement. He takes the ball early. Notice where he's hitting that ball from, from the baseline or just inside. He goes towards the ball so he doesn't allow Nadal time to recover and set up his defensive position, and then he places it into a corner or close to a sideline.

Middle of rush hour on a Monday, expect the same thing. And one of the things that you must do as a player when you're playing in windy conditions, you've got to bring in your margins, bring in your targets, play with topspin to bring the ball back down when you're with the wind, and you've got to take topspin off the ball, drive through the wind, the flatter ball. Thirty dollars. It was Queen Sofia from Spain. She gets a lot of tax money from the goal. You see the way Djokovic is trying to move Nadal side to side and really put him on the run as much as possible as early in the rally as possible. It's three balls. Looks for the two of the newest of the three. Newer balls will travel faster through the air, give you a little bit more bite and jump, be quicker on your serve.

By the way, we talked about it last match. You see the wristwatch that Nadal is wearing, especially designed to absorb the torque and the pounding that he delivers to it by serving and playing the way he does. You can have one for six hundred and ninety thousand dollars. Will I play like him if I feel playing best? You'll be on time. A big winner to throw a little maybe into this game. This is one of those matches where a service breaker seems cataclysmic. It's interesting because Djokovic tried kind of a tricky first game, and now Nadal kind of squandered two game points, and now the fans are into it. I mean, everybody is electrified for this final, and this is kind of the first big point, even though it's very early in the match.

Coach. Serbia. And there was a documentary made. It was really touching. He took a trophy from one of his big wins back to her in her home. This is the Wimbledon trophy, I think it was. Oh. Wow, if you're watching that live, you cannot believe how much that spun to be in. And good luck gets around the outside. See, this is the cross-court. Now watch this down the line. It goes outside and then obviously hooks back in with so much swirly wind. I mean, that's so hard to do, to drop it in that corner.

Fifteen. Oh, second serve. I love that play. One of the things you can do against very solid, extremely solid baseliners is, as soon as you get a short ball like this, you explode to the open court. And then as soon as you see that slice backhand gonna pop up, you follow it in and take it on either a punch volley like that or a swinging volley to put more juice behind it. But you've got to be able to see the situation develop and then close on three shaky games out. I mean.

I get the feeling Djokovic is trying to force the issue a little bit more. He's been to the net a couple of times. Nadal hasn't yet. Here we go, a great point. Oh. How about that sneaker? There's Uncle Tony. He's the guy who really was the architect of Rafa's game, making him play left-handed first as a two-hander on both sides like Monica Seles, and then bringing the second hand off so he has a one-handed. And that was very strange because he didn't even go for that shot. He was kind of stuck in the middle of the court, his legs are not moving. Look at this. He didn't even try for here's the wind-up. Look how he gets underneath the ball and the massive finish up around his head.

One more time, a break point. You can hear the sound of all those cameras clicking. The point of the serve, especially for a moment like this, six and a half minutes for this single game, and a service break that feels like a very big deal. Seventeen minutes into the first set. Now, how does Djokovic react here? How does he respond? It seems like Nadal has been a little bit cleaner with his groundstrokes, a little bit more sure of what he's trying to do out here. And I wonder if Djokovic has any kind of hangover from the semifinal played on Saturday, that four-hour, nine-minute marathon.

Lovely. At one point in the fifth set, they had a 21-minute game that he lost. They lost. Thirteen deuces in that game. Yeah. Just mistimed it. I mean, he is not really as consistent as he really wants to be right now considering the strength of his opponent. There is a helicopter flying over the stadium, and I mean right over the stadium and slowly.

So Djokovic was ahead 30-love. What an aggressive shot by Djokovic. Yeah, he really put himself in a good position there. The serve was kind of general in nature, and he pivots. Watch this explosion right through the strike zone. And when you're returning like that, you pick your target out where you want to go with it before your opponent serves, so you've already have your targeting set in your mind what you want to do with the ball. Then sometimes it changes depending on the quality of the serve, but in that case, it was right there in his wheelhouse.

Yeah, and there's Nadal being the aggressor. He's hitting the ball harder, he's hitting the ball with better depth and placement, and Djokovic is frustrated because he's not doing anything with the ball. He's just being that counterpuncher, and eventually the muscle prevails. Twenty-seven shots in the rally. Great stuff. He thought they could do it all night long.

Djokovic is doing a lot of staring at his box, a lot of questioning what he's doing out there. He talked about a hangover from the last match. He was pretty inconsistent in that match with Wawrinka. Wawrinka was the guy who had a little bit better footwork, a little bit better firepower, but he just didn't have enough experience to get it past the finish line. USOpen.org is the place to find out how you can follow this event via Twitter and Facebook, plus shopping. Check out all the highlights and press conferences on USOpen.org. Now, if you're Nadal, you put a lot of emphasis in this game. You've got the guy cut on his heels right now, kind of emotionally backing up and second-guessing himself. And if you can sneak out another break to go up double break in this first set, that really sends a message for this final.

Pretty large. Second of the match. Now you have to strike that way. Well, their first serve percentages are down, and the one key is that when Nadal gets his first serve and he's winning 80 percent of those points, when Djokovic gets it in, he's only winning 58. He's not getting the ball back that he really needs to take control of the point, the short ball.

Convincing haul by Novak Djokovic. He's still down a serve in the opening set. Rafael Nadal scampering onto the court, making his towel delivery up a break in the first set of the men's singles championship at the 2013 US Open. Both men serving at about the same rate, 122-123 miles per hour. He's really zipping it in there, 119 miles per hour, and that's against a little bit of wind. Up until the semis, he hadn't dropped his serve at all, so it's been extremely effective throughout this tournament. And this big one he's had, winning three major hardcore tournaments: Indian Wells, which is in the spring, Canadian Open up in Montreal, and Cincinnati just a couple of weeks before the Open, on the same surface as the US Open. What do you think the look on his face when he finally had his serve broken here was like, "What just happened?" Oh, and look at how delicate those drop shots and angles were. So many times you think of the power of the modern game. These players can also play with a lot of touch. Per second, here's the short angle. So he lets it drop just a little bit and cuts it just to the outside to get that angle. Look at it right here. Boom. They're like dancers, these two. 11 unforced errors for Djokovic, four for Nadal. To me, Nadal is letting the match come to him, going at Djokovic. That's the highlight. This was the big shot, the overhead just didn't get away from the standard. And then look at this, just a flick of the wrist. This time it has a little topspin on it. What I'm concerned with, Al, is that Djokovic is kind of watching. You know, he's not reacting to those little shots, those little angles. He's not getting his racket on the ball. He's reaching for it. And it's almost like blood in the water from Nadal here in the first set. He's up a break, 4-2, love 30 on Djokovic's serve. He can really put his hands around Djokovic's throat right now by getting a big forehand in play. It wasn't big, but it was an angle we're not used to seeing Djokovic hit. But there's bombs in the air, pleadingly looking at his box. In the first set of Arthur Ashe Stadium is just about full now, and everybody can feel what's happening here. They can feel this set slipping away from Djokovic. It sure did seem like it carried just a little bit, didn't it? Let's watch it all together. It was out, and now he'll be serving for the first set. Dowell just had a little bit more bite in his approach, a little bit more focus. Easy to say now with a double break, but you're looking for those little wrinkles, those little signs. I'm never a big fan when Djokovic starts pleading with his box to give him something to go to. Look at him. You saw hints of that in the beginning of this match, then he just kind of lost it a little bit, just kind of went off the rails. How about that charge? I mean, when was the last time you saw the Dow just hit a ground stroke and then just charge in? It really wasn't one of these approachable balls, but he's along the baseline. He recognizes that he's got the ball with some pace in the corner. But boy, that's a dangerous play. And I think he actually surprised Djokovic a little bit because it really wasn't the shot to come in, especially at set point. Normal short ball, you see the Dow handle. Gets up to it with his forehand and he rips it to a corner. Takes the first set convincingly at 6-2 in 42 minutes, which is a key. Opportunities to break and then running it with his serve. One matchup is that Novak Djokovic's return to serve is the best in the world. You talk to anyone who plays against these guys, guys in the locker room who's just day in, day out. This is the guy Djokovic is the guy who just returned. He ran around to a big forehand, and that was the difference. Djokovic kind of lost his footing just a little bit. And the dynamics change a little bit for Djokovic. You cannot afford to play against this physical beast. Look at the concern on Martin Vida's face, the coach of Novak Djokovic. You're down two sets to love against this monster of a competitor, of an athlete. I mean, that's an uphill battle for Djokovic. You can really try to take advantage of this set and maybe take some more chances. By the unisphere just outside of the picture there, upper right. There's the wind holding that ball up. We saw that a ton with Serena Williams. They set their feet to strike the ball, and all of a sudden, the ball is no longer where you thought it was going to be. And the wind just holds it up just enough where you're reaching for it and you're off balance set for that shot. We take feedback. The Polish pistol played in the '70s and '80s against McEnroe, Vilas, and Connors. Had a big win over Guillermo Vilas here on Grandstand Court back in the day. It's a big art dealer in Poland. It's a big hole now. That's a massive hole for the serve. When Uncle Tony doesn't travel, he's got guys who actually played big-time pro tennis kind of in his ear, just giving him thoughts and ideas and angles on other parts of his game. Djokovic just brought in Todd Martin at one time as a consultant. Look at that. They're always looking to get better. They're always looking for another approach. If this can help, and it may not be relevant this match or that match, but you just kind of store it into the "I'm learning more about the game every single day." Trying to come back. That's why he was looking at his box before. I brought you here to help me. Now help me. The Dow just exploded. I mean, he took this forehand and took it to 11. I mean, if the gauge is at 10, he just took it one extra step and then blew up the overhead. That thing was in the president's look at this. And he comes in and look at the venom. That's just me. Please do not call out during the service motion or during the points. Thank you. Yeah, he just hears the fans either cutting the balls close to the line. Some people are streaming out. Well, that's how you play enough here. You've got to block that out. That's going to happen. That's a New York crowd. They're sports fans here. I mean, they're not necessarily fans. They are following the fever, the action, the passion of the competition, and they're involved. See, that's wrong. If he doesn't like the call, he should be able to challenge it right there. See how he did the walk up to the fans are giving it to you. See right there. Djokovic is going off by the slice backhand, just a little change up of pace and spin of Djokovic's backhand. And I don't know why Djokovic isn't even trying to go after this passing shot. He comes up to the net here, and look at this. He's just watching that go by. Now, I understand that's a nice little passing shot, but to be standing there and allow it to get the easy pass toll pass and let, you know what I mean, it's just for the guy who returns everything. Yeah, you've got to make that window smaller. Make your opponent feel that those gaps at the net, those passing shots are going to be very tough to get past you. You can't be standing there watching. And he's just not taking the small adjustment steps. Watch this backhand from this angle. See how he's just kind of stuck. The ball gets in on him. He steps in, but the first step is so big with his right foot. Watch as he steps in, then it jams him. He just plays it wide. What a turnaround in this game. The Dow off his back foot. Oh, that is not your normal Novak Djokovic. Nadal just tossed that 185 miles an hour, and he hit it three feet wide. Unless it was the change-up aspect of it. Yeah, change-up, but also remember the wind. I think the Dow seems to be playing better. Just from Timberlake, so many celebrities that.

Jessica Biel, Sean Connery, Leonardo DiCaprio, Jessica Alba, and James Bond are all here in the house. Alec Baldwin is going over strategy for Djokovic. Djokovic leads two games to one in the second set. Djokovic wisely takes the ball out of the air, not allowing Nadal to get back into the game. Djokovic needed a point like this. Djokovic is dialed in with both his forehand and backhand. Nadal surprises with an approach to the net and an exceptional cross-court shot. Djokovic eventually breaks back with a big-time volley off a powerful forehand passing shot. Djokovic is under pressure, riding an emotional roller coaster. There's a battle for the second set, with so much at stake. Djokovic takes advantage of a high ball from Nadal. Djokovic has a break point opportunity to serve for the second set. Nadal makes a shocking decision to hit a drop shot in the middle of a rally, giving Djokovic the advantage.

Let's see if there's momentum after that. Please be ready for play. 28 shots. Remember, we've had a 54-shot rally. For most of the US, Rafael Nadal's serve was unbreakable. Twice in one match. Just like the last thing, a very early and strange unforced error. To me, that always goes down to focus and footwork. Your attention to detail. Take advantage of the momentum you have right now. Don't just give a charity shot or an error back to your opponent.

Well, it's weird because he's never been a big ace guy. But you know what I mean, he's going against a really good returner in Djokovic. He's quick, he's not going to let the easy one slip by. Right now, Djokovic, which means the quickest time. The best thing you can do when you're riding this roller coaster is mentally kind of pull it together. Kind of think about what you want to do with the serve and the second shot. Be patient here. You have a 5-3 lead. Not so much. Djokovic has 25 unforced errors, Nadal only 11. That last one, number 11, it could be huge at 15-30.

Thank you. It's going to get loud if he serves an ace right here, wins this point, and wins the second. 66 first serves for the match. Kicks it off. There's a look at Arthur Ashe Stadium at the Billie Jean King National Tennis Center. Final Grand Slam of the year. Absolutely. And now at this point of set a piece, you're pulling for your guy. You know they're not pulling for someone to get even.

Lean and mean, talking about ripping it and ripping it. He moves to the side and he'll take it, but there's no way he was aiming for that short of an angle. We've seen him hit deeper inside-out forehands from that position. Here's a little opportunity for Djokovic. He's challenging left and right. He was left with one after towards the end of the second set. In pro tennis, that's...

We've seen Djokovic kind of struggle with his mental toughness and stability, and Nadal kind of, in a strange way, frustrated and calls for a challenge. It's not even close. There's been a seismic shift. Look at Vida. He was so concerned about 20 minutes ago, and that first round has turned upside down. How does Nadal respond? How does he pick up his game right here? It starts with the feet. You want to really start using your forehand a little bit more if you're Nadal.

Nice disguise in the drop shot. Djokovic gets all the way up there. Now he's won five straight points to start out this third set. And you see, he comes up. It looks like he's going to drive the ball. At the last second, see how he just turns the angle of the racket face right there. Nadal has got to respect the deep ball, the drive, and so he's on his heels behind the baseline. Six points in a row, and these points aren't even close right now. They're not long. It's just hit and miss from the Spaniard. And if you're Djokovic, you stay on this treadmill right now, this ride that you have just tied this momentum.

Ace number four. 40-30. All right, pick their guys. Look at the backhand volley. The footwork just isn't there. You want to get that right leg across and step. Watch us instead of one big lunge out to the side. You want to try to turn your hips and get that right foot across your body and step into that ball. Wow. Earlier, the long rallies favored Nadal, not right now. Taking some really deep breaths. Djokovic leads him to love. He backs up the break, and it's two love in the third. And now the pressure really switches from Nadal. The pressure is really on Djokovic in the second, and he responded. Does Nadal respond? He's got to get his serve more involved in the outcome of these points. He's got to get some unreturnables, maybe a couple of aces.

15-love. Has been so successful. Four-hand. Very important moments for both players. Moving in different directions right now, and Djokovic can really solidify his foothold in this third set by breaking here and going up two breaks. And he is. Djokovic just hitting the ball now. I mean, he's really laying it in with some pace. There's the first sign of the juice. There's the first sign of the energy. He knows the moment. It seems like a routine play, but at a massive time. And Djokovic goes right to the fist pump. He's got to get emotionally charged up right now. 40-30. Oh, Nadal's looking at the mark, but he can't afford to challenge this right now. Look how he steps forward and just whips across that ball. See, it goes forward. That's the key right there. He doesn't let the ball come to him. He gets his body momentum going into the shot. Watch how he just pivots his abbreviated take back because the pace of the serve is 114 miles an hour. Here's a death blow opportunity for the Serbian Novak Djokovic. Yes. This has turned out to be exactly what we thought. It pays off this time, and he goes to the crowd to draw them in, pull them down to his side, enjoy the brilliance of this drop shot. It's almost as if he was tired of the point. Almost. He's looking at it for two hours in. He needed that in a big way. Djokovic serving when we come back to Arthur Ashe. You can see how many people are moving in the crowd. Absolutely. I mean, if you don't make your move early, these games go forever. And then, you know, a set changeover, these guys are changing their clothes and stuff. Sometimes that extends it. Jokingly for a little servant volley play that didn't work. This is the 37th time they've met. So once in a while, you need a little surprise. Looks like he's going to drive it, and then he comes off the left hand on the top part of the handle, and it's a one-hand backhand backspin drop shot. And when I break these guys down, I really think Djokovic has the better backhand. Nadal is the better forehand. But in this match so far, Djokovic has been the one, especially in the second and third set, with the better forehand. He's been explosive on the return of serve side and very good in transition.

Another strong game for Djokovic to go up 3-1. Djokovic leads three games to one, third set. We came here, it was summertime, leaving, it's fall. You know, Nadal could just go over to Djokovic and give him his watch and say, "How about we call it a night?" He almost worth it. I get the million in the bonus. It's just a wash. Right. I thought his footwork was kind of sloppy. I thought mentally he was still kind of trying to find his way and navigate his way into the match. Emotionally, he was complaining to his box, and his hands were open, and he was constantly kind of chatting with his team. He's been just zeroed in the last two sets. Seconds. What was... Remember, called courts do leave marks, so he's going to the next court. So he's guessing this is good. Djokovic has two challenges remaining. He doesn't have any aces, but that was just as good as one. Just enough pace at 111 miles an hour with just enough placement. Djokovic couldn't handle it. The pressure just keeps building here. You just see this third set coming down to just a couple of games and a couple of defining swings. Okay, so 3-2, third set, one set apiece, 3-2, Djokovic serving. He was perfectly set up for a big winner, and that happened. It worked that time. Djokovic struggled in the second set when he was at the break. The first time he got broken back, he was able to pull it together and run away with the second. Nadal's making another run right here. Look at how far Nadal is back. Nadal's back here to let the ball slow down and kind of come.

Down from its kicking position, the ball kicks up on an American, or what they call a kick serve, with a lot of topspin. This puts him deep behind the baseline, forcing him to start running. In this set, the winners are lopsided at 11-2. Many have been talking about McDowell's fast court game being more offensive, sticking around the baseline. However, Djokovic has not allowed Nadal to find his footing or dominate that area of the court. Nadal is reverting to his old defensive stance, far behind the baseline, not making a move. McDowell needs to reignite his forehand and put more power into his shots.

The match is evenly matched, with both competitors giving their all. The points are tied at 76 apiece. Djokovic is being very offensive, with 32 winners compared to Nadal's 2 in this set. The intensity is high, with both players fully engaged. Djokovic is making bold moves, going for winners. Nadal shows his speed and agility, getting to difficult balls, but sometimes overcooks his shots.

There is a shift in momentum as Djokovic starts to take control, being more aggressive. The crowd is getting involved, buying jackets and sweatshirts as it gets chilly. The players' concentration levels are impressive, with laser-like focus. Djokovic demonstrates a strategic move after a drop shot, moving in to take the next ball out of the air, putting pressure on Nadal.

The match is filled with long rallies and high tension. Djokovic delivers his first ace of the match at a crucial moment. Nadal survives a tough situation, and the match remains intense. The wind becomes a factor, affecting the players' shots. Nadal's survival of break points lifts Djokovic's spirits, and the match is tied at one set apiece.

Both players are taking risks and going for big shots, resulting in errors. Djokovic is trying to put Nadal on the defensive due to Nadal's explosiveness on hard courts. The match is filled with a variety of shots, showcasing the players' skills. Nadal's passionate celebration adds to the excitement.

Nadal's comeback from a difficult situation impresses the audience. He now leads by two sets to one. The match continues with high-quality play and intense moments. Nadal's girlfriend even shows disbelief at his good fortune. The match remains captivating, with both players giving their all.

The singles final has been thrilling, with fans from around the world enjoying the intense competition. The match continues into the fourth set, with both players displaying their skills. Djokovic and Nadal are locked in a fierce battle, with the match reaching a high level of excitement. Celebrity sightings add to the spectacle of the event.

I've shown you some Azarenka-Serena Williams match where they took a shot of Bill Clinton applauding Azarenka. She looked up and saw it with a big smile, pretty cool. Now we've got an early fourth set possibility here, 15-30. McDonald successful with a drop shot out of nowhere. We've seen a really nice drop shot from both players from time to time. Nadal here again disguises it, looks like he's going to drive the backhand, he cuts it, and then Djokovic there, in a lot of time, doesn't handle his delicate drop shot. That 54-shot rally is all over the internet already.

That's for a break point. Instead of trying to reply with the drop shot down the line, Djokovic gets the really short angle, the drop for him. Look at that, and he slides right into that shot. The Queen of Spain can't believe it. And it's at this point I just start to wonder if the four-hour nine-minute semi-final, even though it was played on Saturday with the day off on Sunday, does it start to creep into his endurance, into his legs, into his reaction time? He trains for this. Both athletes train for these marathon matches. Gluten-free diet, how much he has really dedicated himself to being a better athlete, a complete athlete from the physical, mental, and nutritional side. He's totally changed the menu in the players' lounge.

Okay, last set for all these huge moments. Rafael Nadal seemed to have a special shot break point. Djokovic is challenging the call on the right near sideline. The ball is, I mean, this is the first game of the set, and Djokovic is willing to take a chance with one of his three challenges here. Both players using challenges early in the sets, burning them. Here's the backhand approach, split step, and then see that low forehand volley. There's so much velocity and topspin on that passing shot, it's very hard to handle, especially around the net. And once again, they're up in Nadal's box. She's got a much different expression this time. Look at him. He's missed two routine shots, nothing good about that.

Now it's really up to Djokovic to do what Nadal did in the third. You're down in the game, you've got to produce, you've got to come up with some big moments, some big swings. These are the difference-makers. The doll takes the opportunity at really love himself, the green light to unleash the beast with his forehand. He crushed three or four forehands before getting a short ball to follow one in to the net and force the passing shot air. Here's your triple break point opportunity for Nadal.

Everybody's bundled up for the long emotional haul coming up on three hours of tennis here tonight in New York. Gets the bounce. He's doing his best. Scenario, you have to guess left to right. Djokovic has been so explosive to that side of the court with his forehand, so Nadal makes a calculated risk, goes out to that side and guess what, there's the ball, and he rips a forehand down the line for a winner and a huge break of serve.

Now you're going to see Djokovic come back with everything he's got. He cannot afford, he's down two sets to one, he's down 2-0, he is running out of games. You notice how collected he was, Djokovic. He can't afford a mental slip. He knows he is falling off the edge back right again. I mean, that's just what champions do. They don't lose it emotionally. He's concentrating on this game. It's a nice serve, only 83 miles an hour, but it had so much junk on it, that's some topspin. Look at this thing, jumps right into Novak's body, almost into his face, and he can't handle it. The old squibbers, 30-15.

So many moves and counter moves throughout this entire championship match, so much familiarity as we hit three hours. We remember in '10, Nadal won it, '11 Djokovic won. Both matches were four-setters, both matches included a tiebreaker in the fourth. And that's exactly what we've got, up two sets to one, three games to love in the fourth. When this match started, Nadal was sharp, Novak Djokovic was fighting it. Another great point between these two. Then in the second set, he found a way to get to Rafael Nadal's serve. In the fourth set, he had triple break point to serve for the set, and Nadal wiggled out of it and won the next game. Essentially, the match is riding on this server. Well, Djokovic, your mindset is real simple. You're just down a break. It looks a lot worse than it really is. You hold here, you make a run at breaking back, and if you do, you're just on serve. So if you're running out of games, but the reality is just keep your cool, incorporate your forehand once again, and if he does that, the backhand will be the complimentary piece in this whole thing. But it's the forehand that's kind of let him down in big moments.

And there's a great example, that transition ball, your ability to finish off points. There's the great Rod Laver, won the traditional Grand Slam, which is all four in the same calendar year in '62. He turned pro, couldn't play again until '68, and then won it again in '69. So good goes right along if you're Djokovic. Okay, here we go. You put everything into this break, all you've learned from all these matchups and everything you've learned up to this point in this match. Where's this guy going with his serve and where is he going with his groundstrokes? You're looking for patterns, tendencies, strengths, weaknesses. Everything is in the how. How am I winning points? How am I losing points? This is where the mindset has to come in for the break. See that return was going straight up the line for Nadal. The worst thing you can do is start thinking about the finish line, thinking about the overall score. You've got to concentrate on the now. The time is now. You have two sets to one, you have a break in the fourth set. Concentrate on your weapons and deploying them.

Shots, every other rally is just one remarkable shot after another. And here Djokovic gets a lot of short balls, and this one he comes in, he's too far off the court. He was hitting that from that single sideline, and that's too much of a window for Nadal to hit that pass, 15 all. 30-15. Braving the elements, braving the pressure. The worst seat in the house is being in one of these guys' camps in their box. You want the best for your guy, and there's nothing you can do about it for three hours plus, not to mention the entire tournament. Second serve, the depth from Nadal, it's a huge difference in his game when he can place that. And the ball gets short, see how deep that is. Now when that happens, Djokovic has got to give up real estate and back up and handle that heavy topspin ball.

Rafael Nadal big lead in the fourth set, up two sets to none. Court, the Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in New York City. Nadal is in pretty good shape in the fourth set. Novak Djokovic has to hold serve. That's how he incorporates the forehand inside out, starts with the serve to open up that side of the court, then he follows it in and finishes it with a volley. But notice Djokovic's concentration, not a lot of talk, all business. He knows this is the game. There's no other game in his Grand Slam year right now because this is it, the final slam of the calendar season. And he's got to be perfect here. One of the dangerous, he kind of second-guessed himself. The cross-court backhand was wide open, he knows it, but he gets away with it. See how he comes up here now, he respects Nadal's speed so much that he thinks, "I'll just go back door short." Nadal doesn't bite on it.

That's his 50th unforced error. I mean, this is so big time, and this match can be over in a flash. I'm talking about at any time. If he slips in the next few moments, there's a 5-1 lead with Nadal, and he's just gonna moonwalk this thing home.

Everybody here knows what's at stake. Then Djokovic, that's as easy of a passing shot as you can get. The dog guesses for the down-the-line backhand right here. He just doesn't do anything with that backhand volley. He's kind of a bluff, and he gets away with it. They brought the Queen here from Spain to watch this. You can't lose now with the Queen in the crowd. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. He's won 12 Grand Slams. You know who's feeling it? Roger with his 17. Pete's next at 14, Pete Sampras, and then it's Roger. Lot of time. Boy, with a 5-1 lead, you can do a lot of things with aggression. We talked about the flash attack. Here's that flash forehand volley. Rack it up, sticks it. Look at that footwork. Nice aggression. Three points away. It wasn't too long ago the crowd was cheering his mistakes, and now he's become John McEnroe. His girlfriend, his dad, that huge feeling of anticipation. Double US Open Championship point. Thank you. Oh. Ladies and gentlemen, show respect to the players. Please remain quiet. Thank you. Thousands of flashbulbs going off in the crowd. These are sagas. This is a guy who had to stop because of knee problems after Wimbledon last year, did not play again until March of this year. And ladies and gentlemen, it is his fourth consecutive final here. Let's hear it for the 2011 US Open champion, Novak Djokovic, and the New York 2013 US Open champion, now.