[Applause] Carlos Alcaraz says his favorite shot is his big forehand, which has a heavy spin. He also has a nice drive on the backhand, a clean and compact stroke. His favorite surface is clay, but his game suits hard courts well. At 18 years old, playing on the biggest court in the world, he pulled off a tweener in the second point of the match, bringing energy to the court.

We haven't seen much of Alcaraz in this kind of environment, facing the best in the world on the biggest show courts. His forehand into the backhand of Tsitsipas was an attempt to rush him and force errors. Alcaraz, with a first break point, had his dad and coach, Juan Carlos Ferrero, supporting him. Alcaraz's ability to transition from defense to offense is commendable, a skill he has been showcasing in his matches.

Alcaraz's aggressive play, especially with his forehand, has been impressive, considering his background on clay courts. Tsitsipas seemed surprised by Alcaraz's performance in the opening minutes of the match. The pressure is on Tsitsipas to deal with the young and talented Alcaraz. Alcaraz quickly took a double break and a 3-0 lead in the first set, showcasing his pedigree and skill.

Alcaraz's solid two-handed backhand has been setting up many opportunities for him. He plays smart and can find ways to get back into matches. Tsitsipas needs to take some chances and play more aggressively to turn the momentum in his favor. Alcaraz's dangerous look on the court reminds some of Rafael Nadal's competitive spirit. Alcaraz's offensive play has been dominant, with few unforced errors.

Alcaraz's recent success on hard courts, including a semifinal in Winston-Salem, has boosted his confidence. Despite preferring clay courts, he is showing his talent and skill on hard courts. Alcaraz's performance is gaining him new fans rapidly, with his impressive play and competitive spirit. Tsitsipas is trying to challenge Alcaraz's dominance and make him rethink his strategy.

Alcaraz's defensive skills are tested as Tsitsipas tries to make a comeback in the match. Alcaraz's impressive 4-0 lead has put him in a strong position. The fans are starting to appreciate Alcaraz's talent and style of play. Tsitsipas needs to disrupt Alcaraz's rhythm and force him out of his comfort zone to turn the match around. Alcaraz's growing fan base is a testament to his rising star in the tennis world.

He hits extremely well with that clay pedigree, knowing when to hit the drop shot. Tsitsipas is playing pretty far back, showcasing some good defense in this game. The drop shot is going to be available, and he hits it quite well. Despite dropping serve, Alcaraz leads by four games to two in the first set. There is a decent reaction from Tsitsipas, as expected from a player growing in experience at this level. He seemed a little shell-shocked after the opening four games but has composed himself well in this match. Now, he's giving himself some opportunities and changing the momentum. The look on his face has shifted, appearing more determined than shell-shocked now.

There has been good success going to the forehand corner, trying to get the ball deep enough in that forehand corner of Alcaraz to negate some of his firepower. Tsitsipas, a 1000 champion this season for the first time, won in Monte Carlo. After losing four straight games, there is a chance to refocus and win three in a row. Alcaraz has made significant progress in the rankings, moving from outside the top 300 to the brink of the top 50 in about a year. He has shown nice defense in the forehand corner. Alcaraz won a couple of challenger events and quickly moved through the rankings, showcasing his talent.

Alcaraz leads by five games to three in the first set. The fans seem to be behind Alcaraz, especially after the controversy with Murray. Alcaraz's ability to slide on the court is impressive, a mainstay of today's game. He throws himself at the ball, maintaining good posture and simplicity in his movements. Tsitsipas is trying to make a comeback in the match, but Alcaraz's momentum is strong. Alcaraz wins the first set by six games to three, showcasing a special set of tennis.

The second set begins, with Alcaraz continuing to impress with his all-around game. He doesn't seem to have a weakness and is not afraid to come to the net. The banter between Tsitsipas and his father adds a light moment to the match. Alcaraz remains focused in the second set, showing no signs of losing his concentration. It's important for players to be mentally prepared for any challenges during a match.

Both players have been successful in rushing their opponent's forehand. Alcaraz's defense and shot selection have been exceptional, showcasing his skills. His ability to maintain focus and intensity throughout the match is commendable. Tsitsipas is struggling to keep up, down a set and three love. Alcaraz's level-headedness and focus between aggression and consistency are key factors in his performance. Tsitsipas is trying to find his rhythm and make a comeback in the match.

Alcaraz is unfazed by Tsitsipas's efforts and maintains his high level of play. Tsitsipas is facing a tough challenge, down a set and struggling to keep up with Alcaraz's pace. The match continues with both players showcasing their skills and determination on the court. Alcaraz's ability to raise his level and maintain consistency is what sets champions apart. Tsitsipas is still playing catch up in the second set, trying to find a way to turn the match in his favor. The official online home for point-by-point live scoring, highlights, and stats is usopen.org.

The official tournament website, usopen.org, makes a good point. This is where Alcaraz raised his intensity. He's not number three in the world for no reason; he's got all the tools to get back in matches like this. I'm impressed with the first serve percentage of Alcaraz so far in this match, just setting a high standard at about 75%. It's a good number, certainly for an 18-year-old. We're not looking at a guy who's seven feet tall; maybe it's easy. He's got a very nice motion. A demonstration of the tennis IQ on that occasion, the awareness, the clarity. That's a beautiful offensive backhand topspin lob there, that forehand drop shot so well disguised. Extremely well where he's hitting the ball, those service boxes. This is an opportunity he hasn't had many so far, extra intensity in the body language. The perfect mix of power and spin. Look at the depth in that first forehand up the line. Watch his footwork to get around this ball here, all those little steps, ferocious forehand put it away, juice a couple of good returns up the middle have worked for Tsitsipas here. Alcaraz does want to come forward; he wants to be offensive with that forehand. He'll play defense if he has to; that's where Tsitsipas would like to have him, though, a little more defensive. Being a nuisance in this game, number three sticking around, chance to break back. In the second set, they're at three games to two, three-two, one. So, break a piece now in the second set. Balls back in the court, a couple of forehand errors from Alcaraz, obviously the missed pass there at the end. Good hustle there from Tsitsipas, but those forehands that Alcaraz missed, he hasn't been missing so far in this match as other games. Into double figures now for the Spaniard. Interesting looking at the average forehand speed of Alcaraz's first couple of matches. Got some numbers through from my friends at who's averaging 76 miles per hour in the first two match wins of the week. Just a couple of numbers, three of my friends or guys up from 76 to 82 today. That's interesting. Does it have the top speed or just the averages? Interested also to know how big he's hitting those winners when he gets set up. How big is that forehand because it's moving on by awfully fast when he gets a hold of those, and those aren't just flat deliveries. There's a good amount of spin on it, good net clearance. Of course, at the Open this year, playing fairly quickly. Do you think that would be the result of a conversation between Alcaraz's team to try and just pump it up a little bit today on a quick court just to try and rush Tsitsipas? Well, I think that's absolutely how he could gain control and how he has gained control of a lot of these rallies. I think that's definitely a conversation they had. It also could be about the excitement of playing on an Arthur Ashe Stadium out here in front of this crowd. It's a big deal to play this guy out here. It's a mate opportunity, physical young player show his stuff. He's certainly showed us a lot so far. Tsitsipas now digging in, who digs in the best in the world? Well, it's Novak Djokovic, but Zverev, Medvedev not very far behind. These guys know how to get back in matches, how to make it tough on their opponents, and how to play five-set matches as well and get through them. Thirty-fifteen. Can't be perfect. Oh, some serious fear and a bit 0.2, 40-50. There's also some steel nerves. It's 30 all; they don't pull that out of nowhere. That's the shot he must practice often and you have to go out in matches and do it, have the confidence to pull it off. Impressive. That's the right play, just didn't quite get away from it so he could execute on that inside in forehand. Tsitsipas starting to truly push him here, apply that pressure he does so well. Control of some of these rallies, not just play defense, force the errors, but truly take control. That's a good sign there, chance to move ahead then for a moment I was worried for him, but there was no need, it was of the highest quality. Just laying that face open for the dropper, guess what, that is not an easy thing to do off that slice backhand from Tsitsipas, that's textbook good right there on the volley. When you're making errors like this, Lee, you know what he's doing all the right things coming in on that shot, it's the right move. Can't be too unhappy, obviously you're unhappy you miss it but gotta go with your gut. Once more, he's making a lot of new fans today, tell you what, he's making me nervous up here. He's playing, you just watch a guy like this, you just want to see him continue to play this level, whoever wins this match is just such a joy to watch it. So that'll be his new fastest server of the day. It's interesting, no aces so far in this match but had a good amount of unreturnables, good time for it there, just really mounting an attack in this game. In fact, these last few, second game continues, reduced significance this game midway through the second set. When he's trying to go big on it, that's the key, he's missed a few of those shots. It's a very tough thing to do, so one adjustment that Alcaraz can make is just go a little heavier over the net and not have to try to hit a winner there, just go big into the corner. Three-second sets, first set, fascinating contest, 4-3, magnificent setting for an enthralling contest so far promised much, this one scanning the round of 32 matches through the US Open so far, it's delivered. This is the reaction from the crowd. Certainly turned the momentum around in his favor, he's pretty much wrestled control of this match back in the second set to have a break early 30-15. Right up the middle again, that backhand right up the middle aggress just catching it a little bit late. So good at moving to the corners and around forehands, very high tennis IQ, he sees there's opportunities there for him to drive that ball just okay. Digging in in this second set, just a game away from leveling this match. Lofty. Pitino on the first serve actually not great, he's at 38, just six for 16 first serves in, impressive in the second serve, 71. That might make you think that maybe a few kick serves might be a good idea on the first, make it out of the strike zone, 13-15. He's got a good kick on that second lead, uh, more of those in the second section. We did see in the first set Tsitsipas trying to go toe-to-toe with Alcaraz on those groundstrokes, coming over more of the backhands, now he's going to that slice more and it has drawn some errors. Very good this is supposed to try to hit those slices, force Alcaraz to make an adjustment, net height on those forehands, he's trying to torque another wonderful strike to ramp up the game. Tsitsipas leads. Start the third set ready to go, not worrying about the past. This time the ball right up the middle paying dividends for Alcaraz, good backhand, he drove through that one nicely, that's a decent point from Tsitsipas. Well, there you go again, just judging from this match, just this match, I don't think that this is going to build out hit him coming over those backhands, it's worked very well for him to mix in the slice then get forehands and rip the forehands slices also brought quite a few unforced errors off that topspin forehand Alcaraz. That's how he plays tennis, one of the beautiful things about his game is his ability to adapt though and change it up. Sometimes there's opponents out there you just can't go.

Toe-to-toe with, looking for a fifth break of serve. Let's see Stefanos' service. Oh, big forehand there, finding the opportunity for this man to level up five apiece. Dangerously close, didn't catch by much. Excellent big forehand there from Tsitsipas, going on the all-out offensive. Remember, he was down three-love in this second set. Thank you, that comes right through the middle. Advantage Tsitsipas, as fired up as I've seen Stefanos in one of his matches. Set point, as big as the forehands we've seen from him in that 10th game. First of the night matches, and then Rublev, Tiafoe to finish. Seats quickly, please, behind the players. Thank you. Okay, and that's the route that I really do think favors Tsitsipas. When Tsitsipas is able to get around and hit a big forehand, that's a little bit of a different story. We've seen that at the end of the second set. He's able to dictate heavily with that shot. Coming over the backhand has not been working. Fifteen all. That ball just catching the back of the line. Just a little look at the line, but called good. The electronic line calling system at the Open. Regarding how important these moments are. First game of the third set then goes the way of the Spaniard. They have described the process of developing enterprises going like a brick wall. Every day is a new brick in the product, the end products that they are working so hard towards producing. Interesting reading articles with the fitness coaches about the physical development as well. You tend to associate it with building his strength in terms of what he has to produce on a court. But very good points about rest and recovery as well, educating a young player. If you're trying to be the very best in the world, all those fine margins make a difference. Yeah, they certainly do. And obviously, the knowledge base out there is so much greater than it used to be. Players putting a lot of focus into all the things that you can do off the court to improve your game. Coming forward on those ground strokes, able to flow through the ball so nicely with his forehand and that one-handed backhand. Just a couple of days ago, we had that extreme weather come through. The crazy night of the flooding and all the wind and tornadoes. One thing that it did certainly wash away the humidity that these players have been having to play with this entire US Open series leading up to this event and qualifying. First couple of days here very humid, but today's weather, well, you couldn't ask for a better day to play some tennis. It's beautiful. The sun is warm when it comes out, adds some freshness to the air. Starting to win a lot of the longer rallies. I know he's dangerous coming forward. That's it. Ball right up the middle again, trying the unforced error. It's best poised to strike. Game three, set number three. Surprise. It's a good play against a good mover, covers that open court so well. Confusion. Maybe he thought his shot was actually out or that it was a double hit on the next ball. Still struggling to figure out what exactly that was. In terms of the fans' reaction to Tsitsipas today, that's certainly been the case. That's the smallest thing, isn't it? And they're on top of them. Anything, tell you what, the New York crowd never forgets. A really good hold. That's an important stage of this match. Athletes, but two games to one, third set, one to two. The conclusion to the previous game, he was looking for Tsitsipas after having the break points challenge fizzled out. That is a significant hold. Would have been a significant break. We can be certain on that. Would have crushed the momentum. That's beautiful. Wow, both players playing with such urgency out here in these rallies. Great backhand angle from Tsitsipas there to set it all up. Just deep. Dirty passage of this match. Next two or three games might tell us a lot about Alcaraz, where he is in terms of the development, in terms of producing his best against the best in the best of five set match. We haven't got too much of an idea of that so far. He's played too many best of five set matches and you get to play in this format, of course, at the majors. Relatively inexperienced in that respect. It's been a significant season spanning at the four Grand Slams. Has won a match in all four of those, making his debut in all four this season. Definitely a good sign that he can play on all the surfaces the way that he hits the ball. Walks in the court, of course, Wimbledon. They're different than the grass of old that they used to use. Sets up a lot more. Youngest player in the Open era. It's one of the four majors. It gives you another indication of he's achieving at such a young age. Two games, stay connected to the US Open on social media. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube. You can join the conversation. Hashtag US Open. It's funny. Sometimes my mind filters out all the squeaking of the feet. I'm still used to watching tennis. But when you actually zero in on it a little bit, listen for that. You see how hard these guys are working in these points for that positioning. It's ever so important. Positioning on these big ground strokes for both of them. Right ahead for all the latest information. The final major of the year, USOpen.org. With his amazing play in that first set, but Tsitsipas is able to gain control of a lot of these rallies with the big forehand, often looking to get around those balls now. A little more often for the Greek. For the first time in this contest, perhaps, we'll feel it's about slipping three games to two. That's it. Once a little more control, degree of comfort perhaps when he looks up at the scoreboard with the break. This takes a little bit of the sting out of the atmosphere as well. Across, so far, the lion's share of the crowd support. Participants has certainly been forced to raise the level of his game in this match. He's up to the task. That's the big ask. Can Alcaraz do the same? He's been very solid coming forward, executing well with the net, putting the pressure, not staying in those ground stroke rallies too long. Certainly has disrupted the rhythm we saw from Alcaraz in that first set, a lot of the second. I love the simplicity of this two-handed backhand from Alcaraz. Good shoulder turn there, open stance, generate pace, and then recover off this ball. Determination, that competitive spirit is such a big part of Alcaraz's desire to compete, find a way to win. Please, looking for a place in the fourth round for the first time here is the Greek world number three. Better and better like qualifying here, 2017, lost in the last round to Niko Mahut on that occasion. Second round main draw, 2018, lost first round 2019 to Rublev, third round last year. Remember that thriller with Borna Coric, got away from six match points, was it? I think memory that was a crazy match. It's a third round contest, Louis Armstrong, if memory serves. Just the first double fault from Alcaraz so far. Has not been a problem for either player. By the way, we haven't seen too much from this year. We said shoulder surgery. I'd hoped to come back for the US Open, but the delay is return a little longer. So we look forward to Borna back on the match court. Another great competitor. Shoulder surgery back in May was actually in New York, but went under the knife. Borna is.

Getting closer and closer to being back, you see him in the gym and lightly hitting some balls from time to time. Social media, it's a good sign. That's a good sign right there from Tsitsipas. Forehand is working. Tsitsipas's turn to light it up on return gives him a chance of a double break. It is a double break. He's in firm control of this third set. Good underspin hitting his forehand a little bit bigger. Serves look very good as well. There's a positive reaction here from Carlos Alcaraz stepping into that backhand. Let's second service, 13-15. I do like how positive Alcaraz seems to be staying here. Two set points. Still another set point right here. Juice. 13th forehand winner, advantage. Another backhand pass and another one right up the middle. Right since he passed the net, clearly a strategy for Alcaraz. Not a bad one. Does cover that line well. Solid mover at the net. It's got good volleys. Good sign from the young competitor here. Like five games to three, that's it. A resilient game there. Didn't need to get another break. Up serve still with work to do in this third set, but that was impressive. Starting to feel like it's a pass for just coast through that service game. Now, Tsitsipas with other ideas. Oh, still got great intensity from Alcaraz. The backhand, he's hitting it a little bit better in the last few games. Even bigger. It's been solid throughout the whole match but seems to be dictating more with that shot. If you're gonna approach against Stefanos Tsitsipas, you better do it well. Defends so well in those corners, able to get the ball down at the feet of his opponents. Last approach out a little bit forced. Gives himself further opportunities to keep this third set going. It could be fascinating viewing watching Tsitsipas step up to the line at 5-4. Oh, and he's still in business. Tsitsipas responds by five games to four, third sets once at all. He tries once more to finish off this third set. An important first point goes the way. Some good depth there from the Alcaraz backhand. Tsitsipas defending and dealing with that very well. This is a smart play here from Alcaraz, trying to force Tsitsipas to hit those backhands. Full of unforced errors there. Certainly pressure shots. Stats to say they're unforced errors. Sensing this could be a big moment, 15-30. Oh, that's unbelievable. Don't let that ball float. It didn't float. That was a great slice. Tsitsipas had an answer. Look at that body control coming forward. That is impressive stuff. Once it set to continue, chances for five all. Make some noise. I'm very curious to know what Alcaraz thinks. Thank you. After saving those two break points, two rallies in a row where he actually did go toe-to-toe with Tsitsipas in the baseline. Thank you, ready for play. Was trying to close it out. A gutsy hold on that occasion from the Greek. Fight off another break point. The young Spaniard back in business. What an incredible effort. This is then he wants now. Settle fire. Tsitsipas practicing against Tsitsipas a little bit. They're still thinking about the last game. Be careful, you don't want to get in a hole in your brain there. Forget about it. It's happened to the best of people, best players. Served for it twice. They sort of expect to get through sets like that, but such a key stage of this match now, the next 10 minutes. Doing such a great job of putting balls back in play off the Alcaraz serve. Oh. Through the backhand, prior to that, up very offensively. That last point kind of tight. It's understandable. He was up 5-2. It's an extremely uncomfortable position all of a sudden for the world number three. A massive blow if this set slips away from him. A lot of flats are in the box, doesn't it? Say the least. Yeah, not much facial expression from those two men. Peculiar body language from Tsitsipas. A little bit more of a chance and hit it bigger. It lined up. He knew it was the right shot. Just a little bit too flat. A little more net clearance. Hold on, slide out there slightly. Another opportunity to move ahead. Tsitsipas at the juice by missing the first serve. Just to set up for the return off the second. Establish himself in the point. A lot of pacing going on over there. Just back and forth, back and forth. I want to sit still. Eleventh game that's gone back and forth. This right here's one of the reasons he's number three in the world. Continues to fight even when he's served for the set twice. A little too down himself. Opportunity here, huge one. Thank you. That's impressive steel nerves right there. Are you kidding me? You really just do that? One of the biggest points of the match back to juice for a fourth time. It can be difficult against the topspin, these different spins that Tsitsipas can put on that backhand side. To continue to fight the position. Look at how long this game is. Rock solid backhand up the line. Reduced. Wow, thank you. Advantage. Significant difference there's knowing the noise depending on who wins the point. Right now that chant, I think was "Let's go, Carlos." Yeah, simple as that. It was the first thing they said. It was a hard time, but huge draw every time this guy wins a point. And a good percentage of this crowd on its feet. So, he's dead by six games to five. He's now up six-five once at all. Let's see where this 12th game of this third set takes us. It's about serving to stay in the set. Nice building on the lights now. Stadium lights into operation at the conclusion of the last game. Dirty. Oh. Gotta be happy doing three straight points there. That long game, one away. First reset breaker. Let's for service. Oh, 14-15. This great volley, however, set up by some nice backhands. Really leaning into that two-hander. Still sniffing around in this 12th game. Tsitsipas with work to do. Another ripper right at him. Just getting out of the way of it. Some impressive hands there from Tsitsipas. Have ourselves a third set breaker. There we go then. A shootout to settle what has become a fascinating set of tennis. Can't get there. Another further evidence of good decision-making under pressure by the 18-year-old. Both guys in this set have hit the forehand so big. It's been about, for me at least, who can gain control of these backhand rallies. 2-0. Eye contact with coach. Little nod. Just the one mini-break. Still so impressed with how positive Alcaraz stays throughout these matches. Several ups and downs. Still just that intensity in the face. Sometimes some disappointment. You don't get any negativity. It does not remind you very much of his hero, Rafa. Foreign, obviously smaller, but it is open. You have the nerves to hit it and the footwork to get in position. Nice step forward. Oh. Just so impressively goes for full offense. To feel like that, how can you not be excited about watching this guy? It's a good drop shot and even a better lob. Code violation, coaching warning, mister. I think this is going to be something. Please. It's getting spicy. Quality of his opponent, the scoreboard right now. He's got a process the fact that this set was done. Wasn't it 5-2 twice? He served for the second. Amazing set.

Points on server. He got a time violation earlier in this match. Now warnings for coaching. His warnings are done. Time. Those things happen. It's gonna mean a lot. Just wondering whether if this set does slip away from Tsitsipas, whether he disappears after this set. And what kind of noise are the crowd going to make if he does? They're not going to like it if it happens. Hit serve. A couple of good points on serve then. And the Spaniard will see him up two sets to one. It's a good serve. Hit his spot. Total composure from Alcaraz. Full set points. And it's the youngster who holds his nerve. The upset is on but has been made by Tsitsipas. Perhaps in reaction to the response he's had this week. Who knows? Fourth set dizzy. Let's focus on the tennis because it's been wonderful so far. Most enjoyable tennis match I've seen in a while. Number three trailing two sets to one. Oh, goodness. For me, he's taking a tumble there. He's okay. That's the good news. Came out of nowhere, didn't it? That didn't come with a little look. Just caught the outside edge, didn't you? During the crossover steps, sometimes shake you up for a couple of minutes. But hopefully no harm done. Judging from Carlos's reaction, he didn't seem to phase him. He was more kind of looking around for something grabbed him. Look at it here in real time. It's pretty athletic fall, actually. He got himself nicely. Does this crowd want? Wow. For the first time today, remember he threw one in second point of the match, Alcaraz. I think it was the second or third point. I'm not even the biggest fan of tweeters. I think players do it too often when they don't really need to hit that shot. That time he had to hit that shot. So far, good game though to start that off this fourth set. Tsitsipas got down in the first and second sets and we back in that second set 3-1. Couldn't face the world number three. The opening hold of serve. He's gonna have to go the scenic route once more though. Now having sensationally dropped that third set. Five sets it took him to get past Andy Murray. It's a lengthy contest. Starting to look like it could be another long one today as well. 72 minutes that third set. Second set was almost an hour too. Far away from three hours on court. So if this does go five, it's gonna be long. Good news is relatively comfortable conditions. It's funny. We have watched sets of tennis 72 minutes and they felt like 72 minutes. Sometimes that set went by in a blink. Just so on edge. Amazing tennis in this match from both players. So often you hear about a player or someone being hyped and so often for me at least the hype necessarily doesn't live up to what you hear. But in this match out here and pretty much this whole year, Alcaraz exceeding it for me. A little bit of a letdown to be honest. Understandable after the high adrenaline stakes of the third set. Really easy to lose the focus. And that's exactly the result was hoping for this fourth set. Players' boxes oddly seem more relaxed now after he lost that set than they did when he was in it. We'll switch his racket out. He already had the time violation, remember. So it's going to keep an eye on the shot clock in the night of the match. It's actually been a good response emotionally, hasn't it? From given the drama of that third set. And as fired up as he was getting too, he seems a little bit more calm out here, focused. I've seen pops playing a lot of times. I usually really enjoy watching his tennis. I haven't seen him that fired up necessarily in matches. I don't know if it's a response to how intense Alcaraz is on the court and those fist pumps. Clearly being for Alcaraz in this match. A couple factors could cause that, but he does definitely seem more focused right now. So solid from Alcaraz. Such a compact shot. Thank you. Juice. He's turning into more complicated this game than he would have wanted. Advantage by from the Greek star. Approaching golden hour in this part of the world. Just coming up to 10 to 6 local time. It's a beautiful shot. Ball right there. A little bit tougher than you might think. Truly watch it off of a slice chip return like that. It got a little bit too low. Very important game here for Alcaraz. It's gonna up that intensity back up. Keep it within one. There's that backhand exchange again. For me, the barometer for this match. Alcaraz is winning that backhand exchange. He's winning a lot of these rallies, getting opportunities to unleash the big seems to forehand. The opposite just the opposite of the coin there for Tsitsipas. Still relatively inexperienced in this best five set format. He's just played one match in his career that's gone the distance. Five sets. Three in the fifth. Challenge has fizzled out a touch starting this fourth set. Already looking like we'll need a decider outside Arthur Ashe Stadium. He's come back from two sets, two games down before just in the last set, five-two. So these four games have gone very quickly. By the way, the Greeks is for Alcaraz so far. 18 years old. Hasn't played that many five-set matches. How will he perform against a top player who has played plenty should he go the distance? Save some of your energy for that inevitable what looks like fifth set now. Just played some intelligent tennis. That's part of it. Understanding how much you have left in the tank where to employ it really. This time around just a game required. It's been some ticket this one. The day session, day five inside Arthur Ashe Stadium at the 2021 US Open. Almost six hours of high-quality tennis the fans have enjoyed so far this afternoon. Special contest between two Grand Slam champions. Victoria Azarenka to kick off the session. That went the distance. Spaniard coming through that one. Looking like this one's gonna go five. Court there. Forehand on the first point of this game is going to be what Alcaraz needs to get back to doing. First couple of sets just crushing that forehand. A lot of points on that shot to save it all for the unless he has another amazing rabbit to pull out of his hat here. What looks to be a fifth set. Not you. See too many of those in this fourth set but right here to get then he's doing it. Get back to playing this way so you can start the fifth set offensively. Can't be allowing Tsitsipas to control these rallies. That goes especially on his serve. Juice. First serve points won in this set very low. 25%. It's not a good stat. He's waiting for that serve out wide. Alcaraz has used it very well in this match. Take it away from some point. In the hunt for a place in the last 16. A few minutes ago, this is just his second five-set match. Best of five set contest that has gone the distance. It's about certainly with more experience in these kinds of contests that have lasted five at the majors. It's the only time you play best of five these days. Used to be the Davis Cup as well. But since that changed, it's gone to best of three. Won a couple down in Australia. Tennessee Kokkinakis in the second round, 6-4 in the fifth, beating Nadal from two sets down in Melbourne. First game, final set. And then fast forward to Roland Garros, where of course he made the final. That was his first Grand Slam championship match. Beats Alexander Zverev in five sets there in the semi-finals, 6-3 in the fifth. Loss to Djokovic in the final, having led by two sets. That's my hope here that whatever is not the issue that causes this match to go one way or the other. It's been such a high level match so far. Of course, barring that maybe that fourth set to reestablish some dominance in.

These rallies, just passing that fourth set, wiping the court with Alcaraz. This year, of course, was early this week, which he came through, so a good record in the five-setters this season. He's won four out of five, a good percentage. He keeps his head level, always knowing that his athletic ability and all the work he does from his fitness keep him in it. Just a little bit slow getting up to that shorter ball, no spin there and pace from Tsitsipas. Good sign here, Alcaraz hasn't won a game for a while, a chance to keep it even in the fifth. The legend himself, Stan Smith, in attendance tonight.

They do such a great job in that rally, going from defense to offense. One of the biggest parts of his game is being able to do something out of that corner, change direction, keep the ball low, use some spin, but we're right back on offense. A 116-mile-an-hour delivery just into the body a little bit. If you can give them something to cheer, trying to feed off their energy might be needed over these closing stages. Coming forward, this is what maybe that conserved energy in the fourth set paid off for Alcaraz, though. Really paid off for him on some of these returns throughout this match. Certainly sees the court well. This game, early signs for the Spaniard's fans, pretty good after their one-sided nature in the fourth. It's been quite an occasion this afternoon for this young man inside Arthur Ashe Stadium. Whatever happens, a learning process.

Some early stages of game four, fifth set, relatively uncharted territory for Alcaraz. Raises the roof. That's incredible, left scorch marks on this center court after that one. One of the more telegraphed ones from Alcaraz, Tsitsipas read it. I do like the fact that Alcaraz is not just allowing him to dig in on the baseline and defend all day long. First half chance, then number three poised 14-13. Again, it's effective. Some other things, Lee, about a young player, this 18-year-old here, he can do everything. We've seen him hit a serve as big as 134. His last serves in the last couple of sets haven't been near that. For me, it's just signs of in the future how even more dangerous he's going to be. Difficult prospect of sustaining the speed of a serve like that at that age over the course of five sets in these long Grand Slam weeks with all the hard work they're doing. It will get there.

Big second serve right there, 30-15. Smart placement coming out to the forehand side. If you can hit it well. Hitting that backhand in the deuce court, especially in the second serves, pretty well. It's looking a little fresher of the two at this stage, Tsitsipas again not just ahead, by three games to two, final set. He's done a good job so far in this deciding set of digging in, Carlos Alcaraz, the 18-year-old from Spain. He's got the new balls, hoping to level the scores once again, 2-3. If you could dictate in those forehand rallies, we saw him do it early in this match, he's coming out bruising that tennis ball. That's impressive, even Juan Carlos looks a little bit tight now, hasn't given us much in this match for a second, 30-15. Nice change of direction there from Tsitsipas, knows he can't allow Alcaraz to dictate from the middle of the court, backhand off the line could be key in this fifth set.

Service game, a little territory once more. Incredible volley the Spaniard produced, this shot right here is just unbelievable, the fact that he's able to track it down and connect on that lob, breaks up break points, survives. Should it stay close. So far, young Spaniard that they have been focusing their energies on. Let's for service, quickly and deep. See that serve speed, 112, it's just trailed off a little bit, started in the 120s, there is a difference there. This ball here just out of the strike zone really of Tsitsipas, didn't give him a whole lot, didn't need it. A little closer on that occasion to being broken, but another gutsy hold, continues to stick like glue to the world number three, 15. Big second serve, just start to take some of those second serves into the forehand side of Alcaraz, not allowing him to rip that backhand. In this final set, 12 out of 12 first serve points won so far in this decider by the Greek, racing through his service games, Armstrong Stadium to the right of Arthur Ashe, their grandstands bottom left, Court 17 is in the bottom right-hand corner, such a fantastic grandstand facility and this has been a wonderful spectacle this afternoon here in New York.

Just when you start to think maybe there'll be a little bit of a drop-off, you know, maybe he's going to start to feel the pressure, trailing again, he clubs another winner past him. We did see it drop off a bit in that fourth set, he's definitely had a little more in the tank, it's just ridiculous. Carlos continues to be composed out there, he having coffee at the cafe, has said on record that he hasn't been too surprised by what this guy's achieved over the last year. To have this complete game at 18 years old is so impressive. It's crazy, isn't it, just thinking young Italian, but imagine this guy in six, seven years time, scary thought, just gonna be scary. Well, Jannik Sinner just turned 20 as well and certainly what he's done, take nothing from that, the way they compete is very different.

Oh my goodness, you've got to be kidding me, has given this New York crowd exactly what they want. This has been fearless in this eighth game so far, look at that over the course of the match, 15 to 2 on backhand winners, it's about pressing this time, still not done in this eighth game, the Greek 40-30, he's experienced enough to know if he can nick this point, get this back to deuce, the pressure will continue to mount. He produced in that game, just take your pick where do you want him to hit the winner from, backhand in the background, you like better, final set, that was incredible, 90 miles an hour that final strike from the Spaniard, they've even got at least one Carlos Ferrero off his feet, I think he stood up, that's how good it was, four apiece, it's getting interesting now, three hours 45 on the clock, he's dangerous, isn't he? I love that right up the middle to set up the forehand, he had a good look at that, I like seeing him go big on that, could have just given himself a little bit more clearance over the net with that topspin.

Just feels like he's hitting a purple patch at just the right time here, and he's riding the wave of support coming down from these huge stands. Has to be fearful here, the quality of tennis in the last couple of minutes, this looks like more of the first set tennis we saw from Alcaraz to a 4-0 lead there, maintains his composure, that was a big point, good stuff, anticipate, I actually feel like I'm riding a roller coaster here, keep grabbing something to hold on, most of the fans participating in this match feel the same way. More intelligent tennis from the world number three. Okay, Tsitsipas, 4-5, deep into a fifth set, we can control his.

Emotions. Way back to try to defend against that immense pace. As big as he might have at the beginning of this match, we're hitting his spots well right now, not just getting into the body of Tsitsipas, unable to do anything with it. I'd say pretty so many signs saying that this guy is going to be one day a great champion. Thank you, ready for play. Now the focus back onto the Greek world number three. This stage, remember a tiebreak at six a piece if we get there. Let's use the second serving of the forehand pretty often lately. See if Alcaraz will look for it, stick a little good one into the body. Oh, don't want to use it too much, that monster's line and weighty. See ya sends a message, doesn't it? Just Tsitsipas maintain the quality in serve, otherwise that's the treatment it gets. A little bit with that second serve. I mean, how big was that fall and up the line? Wonderful defense from Tsitsipas this time and gets his nose in front again. Once more under the spotlight, he dealt with it admirably and then we will be into a shootout. I've loved every minute of watching this guy today. For the start of the game beforehand, great depth stamping. Direction of this ball. 17th winner, that backhand, win 55th overall. 17 backhands. That's how you want to get it done. This is awesome. Six games all, final sets timer. Tiebreak to settle it. Let's for service. He's so good to be thinking that clearly in this situation. I can't believe the boss ran that shot down. He's been going toe to toe with the third best player in the world pretty much exactly four hours. Didn't go for too much. Thank you, fearless stuff. First mini-break of this fifth set breaker goes to the Spaniard. Ready for play. Thank you, three-two. Oh. With the advantage, such impressive poised tennis from Alcaraz. Didn't overhit, saw the opportunity again in the drop shot, took it. His first victory if he can finish it off against a top 10 player. That's lost comfortably on each occasion. Those were all earlier this season. Away now, just two huge points. He just played like he just started the match. Five-three, third eighths of the tiebreaker here for success is hitting his spots well. It was vicious and it was too much for the world number three. Six-three. And now the teenager from Spain on the brink of a famous, famous victory. Three match points. Thank you, please. First one slips away. Good return, not enough movement there. Alcaraz understandable to be a little bit tight there. Still one more on his racket. Second opportunity to finish off the third seed. We're missing the visual cue that we normally get from the line umpires. Let's take a closer look at this. Goodness me, you've got to be joking. Six-five. Nobody in the stadium seemed to know whether that ball was in or out. Nine millimeters long. Thank you, are ready. Thank you, too. Saved this get any more dramatic. Six-love, six-seven, six. The biggest victory of his career, his first top five win, and the first journey into the fourth round of the major for the young Spaniard. A phenomenal performance. Holds his nerve on the biggest stage in tennis. He's done it six in the fifth.