Off to serve, ready to play. 15 all. See adjustment there. Coco Gauff wasn't as aggressive against Benic. A perfect example there of hugging that baseline. Terrific second serve. Gauff may need to go for a bit more on her second serve. She struggled behind her second serve a few times this past week. Comfortable hold for Gauff. On the board, one more. It's first game for both players. It's jumping off their racket. Whoever gets the first strike in is going to be in a great position. Gauff may continue to be more aggressive on her second serve return position. The serve is not an issue today, striking it incredibly well. She was really pressed against Benic, who stands closer to the baseline and takes the ball early. Gauff can stay in rallies a little bit longer against Badosa. When Gauff is aggressive, that adds another element, especially getting inside up to the net. Badosa does have the ability to match the service games in terms of ability to hold. She has a big enough serve to get a couple of free points early on. It's so interesting to watch Badosa from the side of the court. She gets super far in front compared to most players, and you see more variety on the go every time she steps up to the line. 

A comfortable hold for Badosa, holds to love. Sometimes it seems like you can read Badosa's serve a little bit more because she'll vary her toss. Both these players are in the top 10 in terms of service games coming into this match. They're both above 80% in backing their serves and making it tough for opponents to break. A couple for that forehand side for Gauff. Badosa attacking a bit more on that side today. The key for Gauff on that forehand side is to lean into it and keep the racket head speed up through the contact point. Badosa able to get something a bit more hitable there. Fantastic return from Badosa standing well inside the court off that second serve return. 

Gauff's team added Matt Dy to her team in the latter part of last year. She fights off two break points. Gauff creates, uses her big serve. Three big serves in a row. Gauff can swing away a little more freely now. The last couple of forehands were the type of free-wheeling forehands that started coming a bit more often for Gauff. It's part of the mindset shift that she's had where she is attacking that shot more. We're on serve in this women's singles quarterfinal match between Coco Gauff and Paula Badosa. Badosa held her serve to love in her previous service game. Badosa's toss indicated she was going out to the forehand. Gauff able to read it and get out on the front foot. 

A big swing for Badosa going from having had a double break point in the last game to now being down at the start of her service game. Gauff with a love 30 opening. Gauff looking to keep the ball deep but just missing long. Gauff standing too far back behind the baseline. Badosa started with a terrific wide serve. Another long service game. A hold there for Badosa. Both players having to fight for their last service games. In the previous two meetings, Badosa has won the first set in extremely close matches. Gauff competes well and can have another layer to go to in terms of her speed and athleticism. Gauff talked about being more aggressive in her last match against Benic. It's not a lot of players that can play a couple of different ways.

Golf sets up again with that big first serve. I love to see her run around and play an inside out forehand. Coco prefers to play an inside out backhand, but she seems to have more confidence in her forehand today. The willingness to hit the inside out forehand is important for Golf, as her forehand is more aggressive compared to her backhand. A good hold for Golf on serve, making it 3-2. Both players have had some long service games, with neither giving away too much. It's been a real battle so far in this women's singles quarterfinal match.

Both players have tremendous backhands, which are their favorite shots. They can win a fair share of points on serve. Golf has an advantage in terms of mobility and willingness to track down extra balls. The match is very competitive, with both players making adjustments in their strategies. They are focusing on changing directions and utilizing shots to each other's forehands.

Badosa is trying to get her first top 10 win at a Grand Slam, while Golf is adjusting to the lively court conditions. They are both trying to maximize their shots and play the right shots from the right positions. The match is mostly about first-strike tennis and short rallies. Golf leads 4-3, and both players are looking to attack off the forehand side.

The players are mirroring each other's strategies, trying to play a similar style with slight variations. Golf holds for 4-3, and she seems to be mentally banking on that game. The match is about playing the right shots and maximizing each player's strengths. The players are looking to attack off the forehand side, with Golf leading 4-3.

Badosa holds for 4-4, and the match is very evenly matched. Both players are trying to play to each other's forehands and maintain consistency. Golf holds for 5-4, showing smart serving and strategy. The players are focusing on rally placement and trying to outmaneuver each other. The match continues to be intense and competitive, with no breaks of serve so far.

The strategies of both players are very similar, with a focus on playing to each other's forehands. The match is a battle of who can hold up better on the forehand side. The weather is hot at Melbourne Park, adding to the intensity of the match. So far, there have been no breaks of serve as we near the end of the first set.

At the end of this first set, Paula Badosa is serving to try and level things here. Smart play from Badosa, mixing up her serves to keep Coco Gauff honest and create open space. This was a terrific play from Badosa, showing nice spin and control on a more difficult forehand than it appeared. Badosa got the break for the first time in the set, leading 6-5. She was able to get the upper hand on Gauff with her forehand, playing disciplined tennis and using her backhand to open up the court.

Badosa stepped up at the end of the first set, winning the last two games. She showed more weight of shot, especially on her forehand side. Gauff seemed to struggle with her timing and rhythm, missing some forehands. Badosa capitalized on this, getting the break and serving for the set. Badosa took the first set 7-5.

In the second set, Badosa continued to play aggressively, going after her shots. Gauff was frustrated with her misses, especially on her forehand. Badosa got a breakpoint opportunity and was able to capitalize on Gauff's errors, taking the lead in the second set.

Gauff tried to reset and be more aggressive, but struggled with her serve, hitting a few double faults. Badosa took advantage of Gauff's errors and was able to break her serve again, taking control of the second set. Gauff seemed to be trying too hard with her shots, leading to more mistakes.

Overall, Badosa's aggressive play and consistency on both her forehand and backhand sides gave her the edge in this match. Gauff will need to find her rhythm and timing to make a comeback in the following sets.

Service game from Gauff. You almost feel like Badosa has to break here. If she does not, it becomes a disadvantage that she had all these opportunities and good looks. Good pressure there from Gauff. Advantage Badosa. Unforced error off that forehand side for Gauff in this match thus far. Great point number five for Badosa's game. It's the fifth time lucky for Badosa as she breaks early on in this second set. She's a set and one love first, second, and she has just lost all confidence on that forehand side. Even the occasional nice hit she's getting, Gauff still not enough to hold up against Badosa continuing to test that side. Smart in the end from Badosa to just go up the middle, take some of the risk out of it, and force Gauff to have to come up with something more, whether it be an angle or a deep shot. Gauff not able to do it. We have really flip-flopped in terms of the win predictor, as you would expect with Badosa winning that first set. 31% swing in the favor of Badosa now. Badosa with a break in hand, but this match far from over. How does Gauff respond now? Thank you, players ready. 15 left. Well, the way that Badosa won the last point of the previous game, just by playing almost a little bit more defensively, more height and shape to Gauff's forehand, that's just given her a bit of breathing room, I think, to know that she can go to plan B if the nerves do start to kick in. This is almost a time of the match where Badosa should not be missing balls. Make Gauff, especially if you're going to the forehand, make Gauff have to hit a shot off that side. Just like that, and she's made some good adjustments with those. I mean, there's been some nervy shots from her as well, but she's been able to get back to exactly what has worked, what the strategy is, and the strategy has worked perfectly for the Spaniard. Just landing too far out in front for Badosa, a couple of free points off her racket in this game. That's a well-done point. Things are getting a little tight, a little tricky, and Badosa holding her nerve. That forehand down the line, that is not an easy shot at this time in the match, and especially off that side. Badosa handled it beautifully. She's really backing herself, isn't she? Great effort game, Badosa consolidates the break for Badosa. Got effort from the Spaniard. Badosa leads two games to love, second set. I've often looked at this matchup between Gauff and Badosa and thought from Gauff's standpoint that she could play a less one-dimensional match. This match overall has been pretty one-dimensional. We've seen occasional player come in, one or two changes of spin and pace, and I think for the most part, it's just been from the ground, very much east and west. And Gauff has another layer, another level she can bring. She has additional skill sets, and this would be the time for her to test it against Badosa. Crushing that return, Badosa. I mean, at this point, Gauff has more foot speed, more athleticism than Paula. Paula Badosa is a terrific athlete. Gauff has another level. She could actually just get down and refuse to miss, even if she has to get more spin and hit more up the middle, trying to fire herself up. 15, using the legs, getting out to that one and not panicking on the pass. An opportunity now for Gauff to get on the board in this second set. Gauff trying to go out wide again, but Badosa reading it, slapping that one down the line. She's on the board. Gauff, Badosa still with a break, 2-1 second set, two games to one, second set, and by one. That hold got Gauff's team on their feet because it was an important game for Gauff to just dig in to this second set, keeps it to just the one break of serve. With some of the tense games we've seen, Gauff has yet to have break opportunities, but she's been close, and holding there was pivotal for her. And you'd have to think for Badosa, she'd be very well aware of how their previous meetings have gone and knowing that Gauff will continue to fight for every point. So mentally, it's as much a battle as it is physically. It is, and Badosa would know that this match is not over, even a set and a break. Gauff has come back from those kinds of deficits, even winning the US Open. She was able to do it on the biggest stages. So you do not take that part for granted, and Badosa's got to stay plugged in here. Women's singles quarterfinals here on Rod Laver Arena, and it's 11th seed Paula Badosa finding her way through. Took the first set 7-5, and she's up a break in this second set. 15 left. I think on some of those forehands, if Gauff had it in mind that she was going to hit it and come in, it wouldn't be such an all-or-nothing shot that she has to hit to a certain spot. It's not easy to come in nowadays. Players able to get the ball dipping to get it down. But I think it would add something that Badosa has to think about, and that's right now what would be used for Coco Gauff. Just like that, ended up being a winner, but the ball was inside the court, and Gauff was looking to move forward and capitalize also on that short response from Badosa. So maybe a slight opening now for Gauff. 15-40, and she just has to keep this close enough to let the nerves creep in, because this would be a huge moment and win for Paula Badosa. And the closer you get to the finish line, the harder it gets, and we're a long way from that just yet. Game, so Gauff gets the break, wins two straight games, and we're two all in this second set. Second set, Badosa looking for her first top 10 win at a major. This would be a huge moment for her. In that service game, for the most part, she broke herself a couple of good shots from Gauff, but all of a sudden now, big shift in the momentum. And I'm sure Coco can feel this because all of a sudden she can sense that her opponent's not taking the ball as early as she was and not ripping the forehand quite as much. And you just need an inch to work with. Love 15. So new balls here, trying to find some control now off that forehand. Gauff, 15. So much good happens behind the first serve of Gauff, especially when she's placing it well. Two, allowing herself to step inside that court and attack there. An opportunity to take a lead now in this second set, 4-1 count. Those are another one of those shots that she could give herself Gauff a bit more margin and just get in behind it. I mean, that was short enough to just put herself in better position, not try to make the forehand more of the finishing shot. It's terrific from Badosa, finding that little sliver of down the line that she needed. Advantage, oh, Coco Gauff looking to get inside that court and did so off that last backhand to get to the net. But you have to give credit to Badosa on the stretch. What it wasn't a great approach though, Gauff tried to do the jump hop and she lost actually some pace and solidness behind it. Okay, so another breaker serve for Badosa, gets back out in front, 3-2 second set, games to Badosa. And from 4-0-5 up, Coco Gauff has been broken yet again in this second set. Badosa able to step up and reassert her authority. Got a little bit of help from Gauff though, who did some good things in that game, but just a slight change in the mindset, the purpose behind getting in and putting yourself in that position is to make your opponent come up with these tough shots. And if they do, too good. But Badosa able to do it on one of those points. But I think if Gauff can do a little more of that, it'll help steady her a bit. 'Cause right now, missing from the ground, you just want to do something different. You don't want to lose the same way. Three breaks of serve in this second set thus far. Paula Badosa has been finding her way to just stay on top in this match. Won the first 7-5, was up 2-0 in this second set. Gauff broke back, and now Badosa looking to consolidate the break here. 15-15. This is where Badosa has to be careful. Lost her serve the last service game, just throwing in a few additional misses. She has to give herself a bit more margin here.

It always helps to have a big first serve to get some free points. The average rally length of each point is about four shots. The right kind of mistake from Coco to go big with the return down onto the feet to make Badosa uncomfortable. Badosa had a good hold there. 

It's very surprising how many forehands we've seen Gauff miss in similar ways. The forehand side is tricky for her, but it's tough to understand her mindset. The conditions aren't helping either when you feel like the ball is flying off your racket and you don't quite know whether to go for more pace. 

Gauff is struggling with her forehand today, leading to another break point for Badosa. Badosa is now only a game away from a place in the semifinal. It must be demoralizing for Gauff as her forehand side is not working, and she's making unforced errors off the backhand and serve. 

Badosa has been able to step in more on the forehand side and play more confidently. Badosa is now serving for a place in the semifinal at the Australian Open. Gauff continues to fight, saving one break point. Badosa is finding her forehand, showing her resilience. Gauff saves another break point, showcasing her fighting spirit. 

Badosa has to come up with something special, and she does, hitting some of her best forehands of the match. Gauff continues to fight, winning two straight games. The match is now tied at five games to four in the second set, with Badosa leading by one set. 

Badosa now has another chance to serve for the match, aiming for her first top 10 win at a major and her first semifinal in a major. Badosa serves it out, winning the match in 1 hour and 43 minutes with a score of 7-5, 6-4. She becomes only the fourth Spanish player in the Open Era to reach a women's singles semifinal at a Grand Slam event. A remarkable performance by Badosa.