And here we go, older, wiser, and probably, if it's possible, a little better than our 2008 selves. If you've seen any footage from that great match, you'll know that they looked like boys then; they look like men now. Federer lost the last point they played here, so that'll be a relief for him. 15-13 for me, that's the serve we've got to look out for. In the deuce box, you see where Nadal's positioning is; he's a long way back. That really opens up the angles for Federer to serve out wide, even setting up the volley. 14-15. Game Federer. 4-3. [Applause] [Applause] Rafael Nadal, first number one after the 2008 final. Real changing of the guard. That match back in 2008, Roger Federer was first at the top of the game as number one in 2004. 103 Nadal in Grand Slams. That's more domination than you might imagine. Six of them were at the French Open. The only time Federer has ever beaten Nadal at a Grand Slam outside of Wimbledon was the Australian Open 2017. Rafael Nadal too. I think that's another important fact today is how well can Federer handle the Nadal serve? How quickly he gets into the points, especially on Nadal's second serve, because that's where he has to take advantage if he wants to stand a chance. Led for service. It's a bit quiet in here. Whole Center Court's a bit hushed. [Applause] No, 15-40. Love. [Applause] Okay, one game all. [Applause] For just the first probings in this match, it's their fifth-ever match in a Grand Slam semifinal. Nadal won the four, so that's the tactic we're talking about. Nadal a long way back, Federer able to get in tight. If Federer continues to do that, it'll be interesting to see whether Nadal changes his return position. More speed in the Federer groundstrokes. Very familiar faces by now in his box. 4-2. Federer by two games to one. Just seven minutes played here. Both these players have a losing record against the man who waits for them in the final. There'll be no thoughts of what's coming on Sunday. No particular fatigue for any of these players so far. Djokovic will probably want some Titanic five-setter that will virtually disable these two in terms of their effectiveness for the final. That's happened before. It happened when Novak and Rafa played a beautiful match at this point last year. Anderson and Isner had played each other to a standstill. None of that this year. Boris, they've been dominant, haven't they, these three? Once again, it's been amazing. Yeah, it's wonderful to see these great legends, you know, goats of the game, find a way to push each other, stay the course, get better with every year. It seems like the next generation, whoever is behind them, doesn't seem to close the gap. Time. Did you just call them goats? Three of them. What's that? The greatest of all time. It's not an animal; it's just the highest title in any sport. A couple of goats going head-to-head like that. No breaks. It's one-two quickly, please, ladies and gentlemen. People just coming back in after the first semifinal had an hour off. They didn't have that before. Team, right? This is new this year, or they've had it last year already? The gap between first and semifinal. Yeah, a little bit more precise, I think now. Led for service. Certainly, in the query match with Nadal, he was very anxious to know the exact timings, and 4:00 seemed like a good cutoff for the handshake of the previous match. [Applause] 15. It's also a little bit of buildup for both players, so mentally, they need to be stimulated. It's a long wait. It's been a long 48 hours since they played last time, so their engine can't be yet at 100%. [Applause] Slipped away but was able to manage and keep his balance. Beautiful short backhand slice. Stopped on the line, didn't it, as well? I think I might better see the mark over there. It's a shame the ball stops when it hits the light. Led for service. [Applause] Coach Francisco Roig has been talking about Rafael Nadal and how he's been playing with precision, with intensity, and fluidity, but also how he changes his stance on serve according to the surface. Just tiny alterations, specifically for grass court play. That's precise. 14. Give Nadal a short one on the forehand, and he says thank you. 40-30. Games. Is that Sebastian Roger there as well? Must be a gift to be able to take your practice improvements right out onto the court. Mentioned before, Tim, both these players improved without a doubt. You have to. It's the serve you mentioned, the short, wide one. See how many free points he gets before Nadal changes his position. Love. Both players been very efficient early on in their service games, only given up a couple of points each. Both doing a good job of dominating the points. Led for service. 40-love. I'd say that's the shot Nadal improved the most, that quick backhand now cross-court. [Applause] By three games to two. Fascinating quarter of an hour, just the opening salvo in this second semifinal at Wimbledon. Roger Federer certainly added to his game over the years, but so has Rafael Nadal. Boris Becker has just mentioned how his backhand has increased in its potency over the years, but certainly his serve has as well. Tim and Boris have a quick look at this. I mean, it's got a few bits and bobs on it, but it's the Nadal serve alteration. Francisco Roig, coach, talking about this. Now, last year is in the red, and those trails really just illustration. So in the red on the right, in the top right, so at the hit point, it was slower. This is during the whole tournament, pre-bounce slower, post-bounce obviously slower, and at the returner, significantly slower. So whatever he's done, Tim, he's quickened it up. I can't speak for the accuracy, but Nadal's serve has certainly looked more effective. Yeah, definitely. I think when you mentioned Francisco Roig talking about how he positions his feet, I think now he's actually hitting the serve a little bit flatter. On some of the other surfaces, you feel like he's coming round the side of the ball to create that spin, a little bit more curve on the ball. But this one, as you see by that flight on Hawkeye, much flatter, going through the court a little bit quicker. And in percentage terms, by the time it's getting to the returner, it's probably 20-25% faster. It is. Thank you. Thank you. Something that we'll continue to watch, the Nadal serve. Now at 30-15, 40-love. Yeah, it's the first serve that does the damage. Roger doesn't really get into the return games at all. Game, Nadal. [Applause] Three games all. For one thing you can never really measure but you can feel, and the whole tournament has, and these champions that I'm sharing the commentary box with have understood and perceived, is confidence, and he's had it. There's been a presence around Nadal during this tournament. He's won 17 straight matches across the Italian Open in Rome and also in Paris at the French Open where he just won his 12th French. So Nadal in supreme form. You talk about confidence, I think there's a confidence in Rafa's game, but there's also confidence in his body. He had some big challenges early on in the year but feeling in very good shape. In fact, on his way winning his 12th, he beat Federer in the semifinal in straight sets. A first victory for Nadal over Federer in some five and a half years, and that will amaze people. Hadn't beaten him since the Australian Open semifinal in 2014. [Applause] Federer leads games to three. First, it's a clinical start from both players. Federer has only dropped three points in four service games. Nadal only two points in three service games. Are they both going to be able to maintain that as we move towards the business end of this first set? Statue of Fred Perry out there, always a good place to get the shot. A winner of so many major championships. 10 Majors, eight Grand Slams, two Pro Slams, and a brilliant table tennis player as well. This is all part of the new development now. This camera whizzes along at about 30 miles an hour, and it's on a great big zip wire, and it gives us new shots at this wonderful Center Court. The development around this club goes on and on. That's the members' balcony that you can see, and one or two people from the Royal Box will pop out there.

Break go back in these courts on the front they used to be so the focus of the Championships but now it's just developing into a much bigger space like over the road, for instance, Church Road into Wimbledon Park Golf Club. It's the next major phase of the development. Good luck with all that, Tim. Indoor courts between now and then across on Somerset Road, they're going to be demolished fairly soon after this Championships. Probably an 18-month to 2-year project to knock those down, build six indoor, six outdoor, and a large underground car park. They're playing with new balls, so everything is quicker now. Federer had a shot after a good return but didn't use it. There's a 25-second rule for the server. Nadal is always pushing the envelope. 15, something's about to happen. I don't quite know what it is. In this match, it's all been pretty cagey, hasn't it? But you'd think if Federer got a second serve here at 15-all, he might like to try and take a chance. 15, a little bit unfortunate with the net cord, but Federer has taken full advantage. Oh, didn't really do enough with the return. Federer was it the serve? Yeah, I think you've got to give credit to Nadal there. Decent second serve really dictated with his first forehand to get Federer on the defensive. No, first great point of this semifinal. Federer looking to be very aggressive in the rally there and overhitting the backhand. Needs to find the first serve. Here we go. This is a level up, isn't it? The footwork from Nadal, the slicers from Federer. This is the dance between these two, beautiful to watch. Very keen to hit forehands. That hasn't changed in 11 years. Advantage Nadal, reading the serve again well, returning well, not taking advantage. Now, here we see Toni Nadal flew in last night supporting his famous nephew. Three very strong points from Nadal from break point. Finding the targets with the first serve and then really hitting with the forehand. Now, he would like to try and get stuck into a Federer service game at 4-all, keeping Federer waiting. He's got a full complement of ticks and twitches at this point, bristling for the action here. Didn't find his timing on the returns yet. Good leads for service. Federer really mentioned his serve picking up in the Nishikori match, which was the quarterfinal, and he really started where he left off on Wednesday evening. Look from Roger, the umpire questioning the call, but no challenge. Does have an awful record in challenges throughout the championship. 4-game, it's a challenge, but both men are in the sunshine to the changeover. Still no breaks, just the one break point, well saved by Rafa in his previous service game. He will serve to stay in this first set. Roger Federer was talking before this match, Boris, about just remembering to stay calm and how it's okay just to get the ball back and to neutralize opponents. He does that, takes the pace off as well as puts it on as well as anybody. The trouble is if you just knock it back to Nadal, he can take control of the rally. So there's the line that he has to walk, isn't it? Very much so. I was really intrigued how calm he stayed when he walked on the court, very much in his zone. Didn't acknowledge the crowd too much, didn't acknowledge his opponent either, just that didn't add a bit of a handshake. And he's all together has a very calm demeanor because he knows actually the things are heating up, but he's at his best when he lets his tennis do the talking and when he doesn't get too emotional. You coached against him with Novak Djokovic, I believe you won six Grand Slams with Novak. When you were coaching against Roger Federer, it's quite a challenge, isn't it? No, that's right. We had him in two Wimbledon finals, and the key was always to get him on the run because when he's running, he loses a bit of his balance. But that's easier said than done, and I was finding a way to return to Federer's serve as well. So thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I think the same goes for Rafael Nadal. 15-love, Mr. Nadal is challenging the call on the left far side line. The ball's out. First double of the match, only for the tournament. This is the sixth match for both players, of course. One, no, it's not the time to be reading. Put it down. Got you. This ticket. 14-15. Umpire said it was very close. Must have been long. Nadal believes him. Nadal should have checked that it was in his challenge to the forehand, the left slice line. Safe to say they're both hitting it close to the lines. I think this one just caught the line. Deuce game. There's a statistic about challenges by Roger Federer at Wimbledon. He's now, including this, 3 to 16. Is that right? Yeah, you have been burying your head in books and readouts and research. I'm prepared. 15-love. If you get this far out of court on the forehand, you've got to make sure you do some damage. Federer a little bit lucky with the drive volley. Nadal not able to do more with the pass. Another 40-love. Easy hold by the great Swiss, and that's his. Wife leads by six games to five. Still no breaks in the sunshine here on Centre Court at 6-5 to Roger Federer. This hugely anticipated match. Now, Roger Federer was talking about neutralizing opponents, and you often do that with a slice or a chip. But the actual statistics on Federer here, the return spins that he's playing with today, previous rounds, of course, different opponents, different setup. Rafa is not down the other end, but in the previous rounds, topspinning at 59%. Today, he's trying to come over the return, the slice today, 1 in 10 or just above 1 in 10. He's trying to come over the ball, and it's not working particularly at the moment. Not working particularly well, but I don't think he's really had that many opportunities. Obviously, when you're playing the slice, it gives Nadal more time to get around and hit his forehand and really be aggressive. So is he trying to avoid the Rafa forehand by hitting the return well? Because he'll hit it harder with the topspin, he can get it through the court, get to potentially Nadal's backhand more easily. I think the way this set's unfolding, it would be fitting if it did go to the tiebreak. Well, hitting over also means he's more aggressive. The mindset is, "I have to hit over the ball and put some pressure on you." 15-love. That's love. 40-love. 15-40. If they are going to go to a breaker, Federer would have rather made Nadal work a little bit, which is what he's doing here. Even if the tiebreak is only postponed for a point. Another looped forehand and we could be back at deuce. And that's what it is. Oh, this has come out of nowhere. This is now a battle for it. Thought he loved juice, but Federer was able to hit over the return three times, good pressure on him right away, took advantage of the short ball. Oh, got the shot that he wanted. See the shot that he wanted, but Nadal, when he was trying to hit that forehand down the line to Nadal's backhand, his body weight was just falling away. Just keeps it calm, cool, it's away. And after 34 minutes of an hour at this semifinal, it is a tiebreak. We decide the set, six games all, first set tiebreak. Now the last time they played on this court, they played two of the finest tiebreaks of all time. Federer won them both, 7-5 and 10-8. Tim Henman has done some extensive research. Of the 39 matches they played, 21 tiebreaks, Nadal up 11-10. Second service. He has not made that. That is some amazing court speed. Federer followed this in the drop volley, beautiful. Zero, Nadal. Oh dear, dear. Unbelievable control at the end of the run there. And he sometimes sense that Federer thinks, "God, does Nadal only make that shot against me?" I can see the shackles from both players are slowly coming off. They're freeing themselves from all the tension, all the buildup, letting loose. The importance of this first set, even in a five-setter where there is more time to recover, illustrated by the fact that the winner of the first set of their matches has won 31 out of the 39 contests. Decent front runners.

Statistics don't lie. This topic is very much neck to neck. Nadal's defensive skills are impressive, not only on the return of serve but also on his big forehand shots. Federer is able to use his left-handed forehand to keep the rally going. Federer hits a controlled volley, keeping the ball on Nadal's weaker side. The match is intense, with both players showcasing their skills.

Federer manages to equalize, and the crowd cheers. He takes the lead in the breaker for the first time. Federer strategically plays his returns onto Nadal's backhand, setting himself up for success. The first set is crucial, and Federer understands the importance of winning it. Winning the first set is essential to maintaining momentum in the match.

The first set is tight, with Nadal having some opportunities. Federer steps up his game, serving accurately and dominating with his forehand. Federer wins the first set in a tiebreak, which boosts his confidence. The second set is crucial for both players. Nadal needs to regain momentum, while Federer aims to extend his lead.

Federer, playing in his 21st Wimbledon Championship, has had a remarkable career. The match is not just about skill but also about mental strength and endurance. Both players have evolved over the years, facing various challenges on and off the court. The atmosphere at Wimbledon is electrifying, with fans and former players showing their support.

Nadal serves first in the second set, trying to maintain his lead. Federer looks to break early in the set. The match continues with intense rallies and impressive shots from both players. Federer's return game is strong, putting pressure on Nadal. The quality of play keeps increasing as the match progresses.

Both players show incredible athleticism and skill, delighting the crowd. The match reaches new heights with each exchange. Federer saves break points, showing determination and resilience. Nadal displays signs of frustration, highlighting the mental aspect of the game. The intensity of the match is evident, with each point being crucial.

As the second set unfolds, both players push themselves to the limit. The extended rallies test their physical and mental strength. The crowd is engaged, witnessing a thrilling battle between two tennis greats. The match is far from over, with both players giving their all on the court.

Early in the second set, Federer holds and immediately tries to put pressure back on Nadal's serve. Federer has had a lot of success with aggressive returns, a strategy he didn't use in previous matches. Federer's aggressive returns are setting up opportunities for him. In a particular point, Federer hits a big first serve, forcing Nadal to retreat, and then surprises him with a drop shot. Federer is playing very aggressively, especially with his backhand targeting Nadal's forehand.

Both players are playing at a high level, with Federer being dominant with his forehand. Nadal is struggling to stop Federer from setting up his forehand after his first serve. Nadal needs to adjust his court position and aggressiveness on the return to counter Federer's tactics. The match strategy seems to focus on Federer dictating play with his forehand, which is proving effective.

The match continues with both players saving break points and holding serves. Nadal wins a crucial tie-breaker, taking the lead in the match. Federer seems to lose concentration momentarily, allowing Nadal to take control of the second set. Nadal's strong play puts him in a commanding position, leading 4-1. The rivalry between Nadal and Federer is highlighted as one of the greatest in tennis history, with their longevity and consistency being remarkable.

As the match progresses, Nadal secures a double break, putting him in a strong position to level the match. Federer's level drops off, and Nadal capitalizes on the opportunities, taking the second set. The match is now tied at one set all, setting the stage for an intense final set. The statistics show Nadal's effective serving and the evolving dynamics of the match.

The atmosphere at Wimbledon is electric, with record crowds and exciting matches in both singles and doubles events. The anticipation builds for the upcoming matches, including Serena Williams' quest for a record 24th Grand Slam title. The tournament's development and the quality of play on display make it a thrilling event for tennis fans worldwide.

Sunday for the men's final, Novak Djokovic versus the winner of this match. Rafael Nadal is bidding to reach his 27th Grand Slam final; he has won 18 out of the 26 finals he's been in. Roger Federer has won 20, so these two have won more of the sport's major championships than any other two. Wimbledon for Federer, already eight, and for Nadal, one set all. Federer has to regroup to recapture the form at the end of the first set and the beginning of the second set. The first couple of service games are key for him to regain that rhythm and establish himself in these rallies.

Now, obviously, Federer has just held there, but Nadal's changes from set one to set two, particularly on the return points, are very interesting. Tim Boris has a look at his average return hit points in set one: first serve a little bit further back, second serve even further back. In the second set, we noticed a significant adjustment. Nadal made every single return with the second serve way back. It's a smart adjustment. Federer may not have been aware enough to maybe serve and volley a little bit behind the second serve because Nadal is so far back. These nuances of the match are crucial and ever-changing.

Luthi, working with Roger Federer, has beaten both of these guys. I bet you never beat Djokovic, that's correct, never lost to him though. Sticking to his routine by driving through the return, they do seem to have adjusted. The one game on their sets. Mary Joe Fernandez on the right-hand side, married to Tony Godik, the head of Roger. Even more so than in the first set, Roger is looking for quick points. Mary Joe Fernandez, a former world-class tennis player, playing in the seniors' event here. Almost picked off. James K in the chair now, if the ball would have bounced back into Roger's court, the ball would have counted. Well, of the unass, yeah, it just didn't. If the ball gets out and goes back, it counts, really, in my book of rules.

Federer just held there. We just have to investigate that, Boris. This is the Boris Becker book of tennis. I've seen a lot of books on tennis, and there have been some very good ones, including your own, but you've got a new rule book now. If it hits the net post and goes in, I knew that was a valid shot, but you say if it hits the court, it's a fixture. It's there all the time. So if you hit James Choon and it goes back into the court, does that count? We can try that. We have to check the rule book. How about that? Time I checked, you know, in my playing days, it did count with a lot of changes.

The changes are fantastic. Henman Hill, they've left the grass a little bit longer on the down slopes, which is very smart, less slippery. It's been the most popular spot. If you don't have a Centre Court ticket, feel-good atmosphere, everybody's enjoying the sunshine. There's a couple of bars down there, and people are enjoying themselves. Just down to the left is where they put some beautiful planting to store before they plant. Both sides of the screen, that number one court, a living wall, and it's just gorgeous. 

Federer, a break point down, still pushes, probes, and prods. A noise third break point of the game. Let's for service, going to need to make this court bigger if Nadal gets any further back. Thanks for so when he needs it. Talked about the one-two punch with the following forehand. He's looking for the serve volley here, Boris. Like to, if I were him, I would do that. What a message point that is for Nadal on the 25th shot. Advantage the rally to miss a forehand. It's a rare sort of point, a rare point won by Roger. What a game to get out of the miss on the second serve return when he had 0-30. Will disappoint Nadal, and so will the break points. Holds for 4-1, games to one, that sets one t. I never got an answer about your great rivalries. My apologies. No, I'm with Tim on that one. This is an individual sport and a team sport as much as I look like the German English raving football.

I'm into the golf boxing similarities. You know, the great Muhammad Ali against anybody, the great Michael Jordan. Yes, he's basketball, but the great Tiger Woods. But I think these two players transcend our sport. We spoke about sport rivalries, and these two players are, I will be the most popular sportsmen. Well, may I ask you, you were with Novak during some of his greatest triumphs. Did he feel unloved compared to these two? Well, we had discussions about it, and obviously, Novak has millions of fans himself. But then you're talking about two of the most popular sportsmen, not just tennis players. It's a very difficult contest, and I think by now, he doesn't care so much anymore. He knows who he is. But there was a time when it bothered him. Time, but talking about this contact is becoming a very physical contact, and that's something Nadal strives for. I'm not sure how much longer Federer can keep up this 25-30 shot rally.

For the moment, it was interesting, the reaction of Federer when he won that game. You know, he doesn't show much emotion. He's pretty cool and collected on the court, but there was a proper fist bump up to his box. He knew the value of holding serve after getting that break. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Love for Federer. What a bizarre rally. Love 30. The torque coming through his legs, he just lost his footing, just got the ball over Nadal's head. Federer followed it in, and now there's a chance to close out this set. In effect, two breaks would be good enough for most. It seems like Federer has Nadal on the run. 15 touchy. It's one of the joys of watching sport. You do not know what's going to happen. The amount of talk about this match, but who saw this momentum shift coming? Well, it's almost a complete reverse of the second set. Nadal was able to get on top there and run away with it. Now Federer with these breakpoint opportunities for the double break. 30-40. You talked about the message point early on when Roger won that long rally. I think that is bothering Nadal at the moment, that Roger wins the long rallies, not the ends as he's used to. Fabulous points from Nadal, and he will know that a hold here keeps the set very much alive. Still, you think it's going to be easy for Federer to hold twice to win the set? I don't think so. Advantage Nadal. Let's for service. Well, that tells you what you need to know about the competitive spirit of Federer. Federer leads by four games to two, having played himself into a winning position in this set. Federer has to serve at 4-2. He's just the one break ahead, a very slim margin. And like Nadal down on the other end, 25 seconds between points. Nadal just getting settled here. Cho ofong in the chair, Mr. Kong, the umpire, just keeping an eye on the time. Well, it's another rapid point won by Roger, isn't it? 19 shots this time, and it's not easy with the ball coming in and out of the shade. Very bright in that southeast corner for Nadal. Love. We've seen it over and over again, Federer dictating, getting the first shot of the rally with his forehand. 40-15, first point of the game crucial. It has set the tone for the mini contest that continued straightforward so far. 40-love. 14. I wonder what he's concerned about up there. He's got all the family up there. He's got his sister, his dad in the back with the blue cap, with the Rafa Academy hat on. Francisco Roig on the right-hand side, agent Carlos Costa on the left. A relatively comfortable hold after the brutal first rally. Playing conditions have changed here, Tim. Haven't they on Center Court? Goodness knows you both have spent time out there, but at this time of the night, now that the roof profile is a little bit higher, you don't get quite so much sun stretching out quite so long. But it is bad in that particular corner, and that's where the players' boxes are. So we've seen a lovely selection of dark glasses over the years up there. Your wife Lucy and friends and relatives and family. Boris all up there, and there's nothing they can do. Yeah, as a coach, a problem because obviously you want to see the match, and I like to watch my guy play without my sunglasses. I see better, but you can't until the sun is too low and it really bothers you. And then, obviously, we don't complain about the good weather, right? But I was just going to say, you know, here we are at Wimbledon complaining that it's too sunny. Nobody bothers the players as well from that side because the sun is very low, especially if you're left-handed at serve. You toss up the ball and be staring in the sun. Mera, a good player herself, supporting Roger, and you know, I'm watching his movement for fatigue, for signs of fitness. I think adrenaline is obviously playing a massive part. This is a huge match. Who knows how long either of these players have left after all the injuries that they've had? Ladies and gentlemen, at the age of what, 33 and 37? How old is... yep, 33. The sun is very low into his eyes, but just in the context of this match, the tournament so far, Nadal had 9 hours 23, the other way around, Federer 9 hours 23, Nadal 10 hours 45 for those five matches. That's not too much tennis. Beautiful sunglasses too. What starts bothering Nadal is that Federer wins the longer rallies. He's a proud man, the king of clay. Every rally that's longer than five usually he's used to winning. For the last 15-20 minutes, Roger, that's impossible. He's playing aggressive and playing without mistakes. 30-all. See, Tony, I think he's got one of Rafa's watches on. 40-30. Federer had love-30 in that game. He had great points in Rafa's previous service game, hasn't taken them. Rafa's held. So now, a real moment of truth after a little over two hours of play in this semi-final. You've got Rafa bouncing up and down, never an easy man to serve to. A chance to go two sets to one up, Federer. Oh, and it's hit the line and stopped. That's rough luck. And that's what you want to do, just thinking about that very next point. Nothing else matters. A couple of timely first serves there. Love gives him a good platform. Federer in an important game. Well, Federer delighted to see Nadal coming in on a chip that sat there really, but with the forehand cross-court did the damage. Let's for service. He holds to love under the greatest of pressure. His serve never challenged on the penultimate service game. A long first point allowed him to hold, but there, lots of first serves. Brilliant play. And I don't think for a minute that Nadal is a man to run out of ideas, but he knows he's got to win the next two sets. It's as simple as that. Certainly, Rafa's not changing his strategy. All those first serves in. I mean, he's talked about experience in the past, and it's easy from the outside, Tim, just to say, "Oh, he's a man of vast experience. It's always going to be something that's going to help him." And I guess most of the time it would, but he himself would like to play like an 18-year-old again and just with that jive. And I understand what he's talking about. Yeah, most definitely. I mean, we reflect on these stats in the third set. Again, impressive serving from Federer, impressive serving from both players with the percentage of first serves of the points won. But the breakpoint opportunities are going to be key. We knew before this match who would create the chances, who would take them. In that third set, it was Federer winning one breakpoint. But you know what I mean about expressing himself on court. Absolutely. And the reality is a lot of that is dictated by the opponent. In the first set, it was very much nip and tuck. There wasn't too much to show. But it was the second set where Nadal was really able to express himself because he got the lead early on. And it was a roll reversal in the third. So I think fourth set of this match, it's who can really get the upper hand early. A lot of people picking Rafa Nadal before this match. Boris Becker, because of the form he had coming in, were you one of them? Oh, yeah, I was one of them. I thought Rafa looked in fine form. And I always felt that the longer the match went, the younger player would have an advantage. But little do we know, Roger, we talked about playing like an 18-year-old. He moves like an 18-year-old. He's winning the long rallies. He's really pushing Nadal physically now, which very few men have ever done. Maybe besides Djokovic, nobody. So we're just watching this unfold. I think there's still a lot of tennis left. The Championships at the All England Club just today and the weekend to run. And I'm already beginning to miss it. This time next week, so much of it will have been deconstructed, and nobody will be here, and the center court goes to sleep once again. It really does feel like a live thing during the Championships. To now, this potentially is a great match. At the moment, it's a very good one and totally compelling. The pressure is on Nadal now, all of a sudden. Love 15. And there are all those moments when you want to take advantage of the momentum you have. Federer has.

The momentum right now is up to Z one. He's playing good tennis, he's got her down the ropes right now. Well done by the SP. Yet, he needs to service game now to steady the ship. One way of protecting your face from the sun. I wonder who's under there. That was a second Sur heavy kicking 4. They looked happier in the last couple matches. They look more relaxed. They know what's at stake next game. Well, at 24 years of age, Nadal, of course, 33 now, but back then, he was the youngest to complete the set of all four Grand Slam championships, the major sports, the major events in tennis. He won the US Open in 2010. Both of these BLS have won Olympic gold medals as well, singles and doubles for Rafael Nadal, just doubles for Federer with Stan Wawrinka. Just having some troubles at the moment with his left foot. I think he called out during that last game to his box that maybe he needs a new orthotic sticks in his shoes. I think it was his trainer that's gone running off. Rafael, go fetch some more shoes from the locker. Probably have about 15, 15 pairs. Oh, all sorts of people in there. There's Hugh Grant up there. He plays a bit of tennis, any about. But Rod Laver, two times he had possession of all four major championships at the same time. Crazy and a lot of years here when he was professional, but the game wasn't so he couldn't even play. So any debate about the greatest should include Rocket Rod. It's because Nadal standing so far behind the baseline, he has a lot of time to volley. This time doesn't even have to hit the best drop shot, so the short one. (Applause) Help! (Applause) Has anyone actually checked Federer's passport? I mean, he's diving around like a young whipper snapper. The footwork is incredible, and the ball would have hit anybody else's backhand. He was so fast over there to hit that forehand, and with his grip to get underneath, find the angle just lovely from both players, absolutely majestic. One game over, it seems that so few of the points end in unforced errors. There are so many winners being struck by both players, emphasizing the quality of the tennis. When you think of Tsitsipas, Zverev, and Khachanov, and others who try to break into this, and others who have failed in the past, good luck. Ah, love. We did a lot of reflecting on the 2008 final, and I would say one shot that is so much better for Federer is the backhand. New racket, big head, but wow, is he aggressive today. Setting a lot of pressure on Nadal. Just wondering, these more aggressive second serve, 101 miles an hour, but Federer taking it early, driving the backhand, rushing Nadal into the error. He knows he wants to get it done in four. He doesn't want to go in five. (Applause) Good counts. Are we going to be looking back at this shot in a couple of minutes, couple of games, or a couple of sets? We'll find out. Sorry, but not that sorry. That was not a cleanly struck forehand from Nadal. It allowed Federer to get his feet into position, plenty of time. Skip, skip, bang. But the damage was again done by the backhand crosscourt, opening up the court. Look at this, this drama every time he hits a forehand, both of them. How do you do that? The return was exactly as Federer would have wanted, firm to the backhand. It backed Nadal up. He just crunches another winner to save a break point. Here's another let's for service. Mr. Federer is challenging a call on the right near sideline. They all scored. He wants to see a second, certainly. Does service. Mr. Federer has two challenges remaining. The devil lies in the detail. FS, Mr. Nadal is challenging a call on the right near sideline. The ball's got out. I like it. Well, umpires are meant to only overall on a clear mistake. Well done, James K. Not just the players on their game. Nadal looks down, but he knows that ball was good. What a return, what a moment. It's a break, and the scoreboard has a delightful symmetry for Federer fans. Two sets to one, two games to one. He's closing in on a famous victory. Long way to go. Coming over this backhand has been a great tactic from Federer, and his backhand, Boris, fair to say that it has improved because of the Ming that Nadal gave it so many times. You thought, how is Roger ever going to resist? Think forehand very much so was a real weakness early in his career. You know, he had the backhand slice and he could hit over, but ultimately Nadal had the opening there. But he worked on his game. He watched tape, strategized with his coach, ultimately realized that the only way for me to have a chance is to go over the backhand, hit hard, step into the court, hit the ball early. Now that's also easy talking about it. Had some great matches at Wimbledon this year. Coco Gauff has been a big story, of course. She went out to Polona Herkog. It was a captivating match. I thought Dan Evans and Sousa was wonderful to watch. Some of the matches, perhaps not on the show courts, have been equally captivating. But this may yet build into a fifth set, but it's going to thank you be up to Rafael Nadal to change things. Let's second service. Baseline exchanges that have been won by Federer. He is seriously engaged with his box. 3-love and over and over again, it's Federer wins the rallies. 40-love game. He's got the ball and his opponent on a string at the moment. Federer leads by three games to one, having lost that second set 6-1. The momentum was entirely with the great Spaniard. Federer came back. Remember that long 25-stroke rally. It was 6-3, now 3-1. And this is a free game for Roger Federer. He can go for this. He already has the break. It's a free game for Federer, but a must-win game for Nadal. Tell you what, I expect Nadal to rise again. Yeah, push Federer more than he has. Bard is a champion. There's a history of coming back. 49-second serve, 40-deuce on that one. That was another great match, actually, in its way, wasn't it? Really entertaining stuff. Nadal beating the Australian who has shown him so much disrespect in his own view. That was only last week. Seems like a month ago. Been busy, Boris. That's game. Federer leads by three games to two sets. One thing that has changed in the 11 years since that great match in 2008, I think, is the level of personal respect and also personal knowledge between these two. Obviously, their place in the history of the game is obvious. They're right at the top, both of them, and always will be. In terms of matches won, Federer, 100 matches by beating the Shorri. He also leads at the Australian Open, where he's won 97 matches. Rafael Nadal at the French Open, 93 matches, and Jimmy Connors at the US Open, the last of the majors. He's won eight. So, in terms of the record books, we can just go on and on. What a message this will be from Roger Federer if he has a crack at Novak on Sunday. What a triumph it would be for a man who's 38 next month. And in fact, these two, Tim, have won more matches than anybody else on tour this year. 37 matches each speaks volumes for the work they do off the court. Federer shaking his legs a little bit, serving with new balls. Thank you. Ready for play. 15-love, second serve. How often do you see Nadal looking as negative as that? I mean, I know that's not much, but irritated. 15-time, he's able to hit it back quite long and taking a chance on that backhand, hitting the line. This time, it's Nadal who prevails. 36 shots. He is so cross. Federer has only made one first serve in this game, and Nadal knows when he gets a look at the second serve, he's got to do a better job of winning those points. 40. Federer's body language really hasn't changed since the first point of the match. Oh, was it in? He's another step closer to a Wimbledon final and a real lead, but games to two of Federer. Seeded at number two, despite being at world number three, Nadal seeded three, despite being world number two. Irritating for Nadal before the tournament. He was happy to share that. Love in terms of seeding, a formula that they use that takes into account grass court form rather than just going straight off the ranking. Federer is the best ever on this surface. Having said that, he lost last year in the quarters to Anderson, where Nadal reached.

The semi-final, losing in five to Djokovic, 15-13. That's amazing. He hit that so hard. The ball seemed to be too low to do this. The only way that could be in, given all of the physics involved, is to hit the outside edge, so he did. Can say that things are going his way. Timely first serve there from the dark, teetering on the brink in this fourth set. He keeps holding on, wants to keep asking Roger the ultimate question. Let's for service. And Rafa leads by four games to three, off sets about two sets to one.

Talk about the ultimate competitor, and you can pick any of them really at the top of the game. Novak Djokovic awaits in Sunday's final, having beaten Bautista Agut. Fantastic Spanish effort to get two men into the semi-finals of the Championships. But either Rafa or Roger, there's nothing to choose between the way they compete. The spirit of the two guys is so strong on the court, dominant personalities both of them. He's qualified for the ATP Finals already, which take place in November at the O2. That's the 15th year for him, so more tennis in this city later on this year.

Not overly happy that it's not played on clay once in a while, played indoors two more years in London. Having said that, he has a history of injuries, usually at the end of the year. He takes a week or two, even more off. His main focus will always be this time of the year, winning the French and then doing well here. It's trying to match Bjorn Borg in winning the French-Wimbledon double for a third time. The first one with an error, and when you're trying to break back and you're trying to make any break or serve, the first point is so important. And a couple of times it's Nadal that's made those mistakes. It just gives Federer that platform to build from.

What did you say about going his way? He smelt the corner, he anticipated. But one thing Nadal will always do, fight until the end. It doesn't matter the scoreline, it doesn't matter the opponent. The accuracy of that serve from Federer is just phenomenal, time and time again finding the center service line. He leads by five games to three, set Boris, you're impressed by Roger's body language. Unbelievable. I haven't seen him focus like this in a long time. Maybe the last time he won a major was 18 months ago, Australian Open, five sets against this man. Let's for service, that might be the only time when Nadal turns it in. He said if that goes in, I'm off, not taking any prisoners today.

If Federer had a kitchen sink right now, he would be throwing that as well. Correction, and Federer is doing the right thing by aiding James Conger. He's walking, he knows full well that that miscall did not affect in any way his return. Just move on. Thank you, unusual looking back from Gra and Nadal there, stretched. It's almost the one-handed topspin backhand from Nadal. The way Roger's hit his and maybe fancies a one-handed. Oh, did he need to play that? Now copying the one-handed topspin backhand, he thought, I might as well start serving and volleying, first time in the match, expect the unexpected.

That's good, it's better than good, it's fabulous. And again, no emotion, nothing welling, keeps it all together. Oh, challenged on the service line, the ball got in. Ah, it's funny 'cause if he's wrong and he's smiling with Rafa, it was actually a perfect return. Oh, wow, and if he hadn't challenged, he'd be match point. I know. Oh, Mr. Federer has one challenge remaining. Boy, hopefully it's not going to haunt. Thank you, a great twist, please. That's a first. It would have, it could have, it should have. I think Federer should have just lost that point so that psychologically he said, look, oh, I wouldn't have won the game anyway. Amazing. Back to deuce, still two points from victory, and now he does have a match point, another early strike off the Nadal serve in this 40th meeting between these two great champions.

Well, they may be one point to play. No, no, got a whole set and a half to go from here. That match point was at 7:29, just in case we have to come back to it. Advantage, another ace, up game point. When the last match here 11 years ago, there was a match point in the fourth set as well. It went to five, just saying. Let's for service, deuce. That weakness is looking mighty strong. His backhand has been phenomenal today, Federer. It's well handled from Federer. The ball hit the line and stopped. He was able to just half-check on the backhand, got it back into play. It's a second match point. Defend it again, yes, Nadal simply unleashed a backhand to get the opportunity to move forward on the forehand. And that's as much to Roger Federer as it is to his camp. Two match points saved, Nadal holds. Federer will serve for it, two sets. This is very unfortunate for Nadal, who's undoing the taping. We thought that he might have a problem with his shoes, maybe some orthotics. He's probably got six or seven pairs on rotation. Tennis players' feet are really not as beautiful as the game they play, and he plays without tape now, which is unusual. He has had a lot of injury problems in the past. Want to tape their ankle just for double protection. He takes it off, and also it's going to take a little bit of time, and Nadal's not exactly quick between games, and Federer is coming out to serve 5-4 fourth set, and Nadal is still putting his shoes on. The moment of truth, serving for the match.

Well, to his credit, Nadal is not taking a medical or anything. Seen plenty of players do so in situations that don't need it. Conversation with the umpire. All right, here we go, unfolding in front of our eyes. Nadal still fiddling with his laces there. Federer's backed off, he's come up to the baseline, he's looked away, and if Federer is a little bit cross with that, you wouldn't know it. Nadal has challenged the ball on the left near side line. The ball's good in everyone's pretty tight right now. Love. Nadal has one challenge remaining, 15-all. Still a long way to go. Incredible hitting at this stage of the match to maintain the timing on those virtual half-volleys. Incredible long. Federer is challenging the ball on the left baseline. The ball's out. Yep, Federer has no more challenges remaining. Oh no, challenges remaining. Thank you. Let's for service. Oh, I don't think I've seen him missing overhead this decade, but it was the forehand that should have gone away. That one just got low, popped over the baseline. Thank you, Nadal made him play a tough ball. Players are ready. Thank you. Oh, the longer time and again as the rallies have extended, even in the most precious and difficult moments, it's Federer that's come out on top. 11 shots, Nadal cannot believe it. Different. Like the first volley was beautifully executed, the second sublime, and Roger stays calm, no emotions, walks away. Now, thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That's called tunnel television. Thank you. Oh, this forehand, he's just a force of nature, isn't he? Nadal, look at this. That was number 24. Don't worry about that clock. Give him a bit of time to rest. Three hours of wonderful sport. Another match point gone. Like the last round, it didn't happen. The ball in. Well, Nadal is wrong on this. He'll be out of challenges, but he'll soon be out of time as well. So he won't need them. Nadal has a point on his own serve. Federer had a couple on Nadal's serve. Thank you. Talk about bringing out the best in each other. Just when we thought it doesn't get any better, they're lifting each other's spirits. Federer has gone up the tee with the last couple of first serves. Oh, he hit that well. It was a mishit return. Once again, Federer's footwork magnificent. Can Nadal find the answer again? No, a little early. That's away. What a contest. Roger Federer, 37 years of age, he's into his 12th Wimbledon final. Unbelievable, says David. Quite right, it is unbelievable to watch them together. The patterns of play are so beautiful to the eye, and these two magnificent champions.

Even now, Rafa has time to sign autographs. This is not uncommon; it's just who he is. That's another reason why the sport is lucky to have them both. Now, Rafa Nadal has just won his 12th French Open, so it's difficult to feel sorry for these celebrated athletes. It was a tough match to lose, but a glorious contest. Boris, you enjoyed that very much. Federer is walking off, still shaking his head, smiling to himself. He can't believe how he played; that's the best I've seen him in a long time. The other day, Rafa said he didn't lose the match; the opponent won it. I think that's what Roger did today.