What a start from Kyrgios. Love two. Very different backhands on show tonight. About a 1000 RPMs in terms of spin rate difference between the two. Nick's so flat through the court but a great redirector of a tennis ball. Rafa, though, can beat you with that shot on its own. That'll be an interesting matchup to watch as the match continues. Rafa's forehand to Nick's backhand. One of the things that I think has made Nick successful against Rafa is the fact that he's very compact on that side and he can actually step up into Rafa's forehand, which bothers so many people on the backhand side. But Nick has that capability of actually being able to deal with it.

The other benefit for Kyrgios tonight is it's a lot cooler. I think, as Fitzy said, that's a little bit of a double-edged sword because the coolness is going to be nice for him physically, but I think it's going to play into Rafa's game style a little bit more. Rafa is going to like this cooler condition, slowing things down a little bit, heavier conditions. One thing you've got to love about Rafa as well is his understanding of what his opponent's weaknesses are. You look back at their meetings and you see how much more he serves into the forehand of Kyrgios than he does the backhand, which might sound a little counterintuitive to people, but the flatter backhand comes through at a little lower height and he's able to step in a little easier on it.

A smattering of applause on that double fault. Mr. Kyrgios is challenging from the service line. The ball's got in. Well, I think it's a good case in point here about the backhand return. It's more compact, it's got a higher... Here we go, let's have a look. It seemed to have caught the line, didn't it? No, okay, double. Okay, but he's intent on going to the forehand on the second ball as well, and there's more margin of error, I think, on Kyrgios' backhand return because it's a small backswing, increases his margin for error. On the forehand, he's more likely to make an error in Nadal's mind, so he's going there a lot early. Thank you, please. Advantage Nadal there on the first serve. We see Nick going to the block, the chip forehand return, maybe something that he has to use a little bit more of as he serves to that side more and more. Nadal could test Nadal's nerve early on and his serve, but he comes through first.

In a nutshell, this next game is going to tell us a lot about where Nick is in terms of his legs and everything else, being able to get up to his serve. He had a little problem, didn't he, in his previous match with his glue, which is where after a long five-setter like that, you tend to be the most sore. Well, the great competitors in this sport can psychologically deal with ups and downs, and the interesting thing for me will be if Nick goes down a break in the first set, how he reacts because in the past, it seems like he's a little bit up and down with his psychology. If he's ahead, his body seems to feel good. If he gets behind, he thinks of all the little nicks he might have and maybe the heaviness of legs today.

208, strong at the body, average for the tournament. 209 for Kyrgios. You don't want to be caught in a negative situation when you're at the net and Nadal has time. This is long odds to win the point from that position versus ultra-aggressive on the forehand early. Well, miss there, but that's where Rafa likes to get the ball from. Once he finds that inside-out forehand, he can be devastating from that position. Rafa's wife, Maria, let's go. It's been interesting from both when you look at their serving patterns. You see Nadal going into the backhand on the first point of the first game there, and yet traditionally, he's been going into the forehand to try and, I think, keep Kyrgios honest. Nick, if you've watched him play against Rafa, goes T pretty much on both sides more often than not. And he went out wide a couple of times, probably trying to shift Nadal a bit out wide for that serve, his favorite one. A bit of a worry, even. Well, it's an indication of how good Kyrgios' first serve is because you've got a returner of Nadal's magnitude guessing on the first serve there. Interesting 15, Nick looking backhand there. Well, he guessed as well, didn't he, on the Nadal, so that's also interesting. You don't see Nadal moving one way before a first serve too often. He normally has both angles covered.

How pumped up is Rafa when you see his body language? Normally, it's aggressive, but tonight, it just seems even more so. Look at that leg strength and the preparation. He's looking like a cat early. Well done there. Also interesting, Fitzy, to see his pacing between the points. He is looking like a cat in a cage with some raw meat just outside. Forehand from Kyrgios, just caressing one into the space that had been created. These two already in the opening three games have created a great atmosphere here. 2-1. And he's hit the ball very dynamically. He's not just putting the ball in the court and trying to extend the rallies. He's trying to make Kyrgios work hard left and right. Good, that shot alone can keep Rafa off balance though, and that's what Nick's hoping for. If he serves well, if he's got a high percentage of first serves, he's serving with that kind of accuracy, it's going to make it tough for him.

Oh, what a forehand. Well, nothing wrong with the Kyrgios approach. Was that he hammered that forehand out wide and Nadal right now, you think he's going to win the point. That's about as good as it gets. Very clean in this last match against Carreno Busta. Of course, his fellow Spaniard does not bring to the court the same kind of serve that Kyrgios does. 13, 14, serving extremely well right now, finding the first serve good locations, spreading it around in the box. 43, it's a little bit of Tin Cup right there, missed it the first time. I'm going to go back to it. Sure, I can make that shot a little bit ill-advised probably both times. Advantage Kyrgios. Juice. Right now, it looks like without reading any stats or knowing the numbers, it looks dangerous when Nadal gets the serve back to me for Kyrgios. Yes, he's serving well, getting a lot of free points, but when the ball's back in play, Nadal, the fight, he needs those free points. And that's going to be one of the subplots we look at. How long can he continue to serve at the level that he's serving at right now, which has gotten him out of trouble? Still early. Rafa is going to get a better feel for the return. Big point here, Brad, isn't it? First break point Nadal early in the first. 50% of his first serves in this tournament haven't come back, and that one was a crucial one for Kyrgios. Shail, that didn't come back over his side. Terrific serve. Advantage Nadal. Good second serve opened the court enormously there. Interesting that he went to a backhand from that position, actually kind of ran around his forehand to take a backhand there. Rafa, another look at a break point. So smart from Nadal. Didn't panic on that forehand, just lofted it high to the two-hander. He knew that Kyrgios couldn't generate enough pace from up there off that two-hander. And instantly, Nick Kyrgios having a crack at his box. Never think that's a good sign. I don't care who the player is. I just think it's a bad sign. You have to take responsibility for that. He was not sure whether it was the tension of the racket, but gee, a big statement from Nadal early for me. He's competed hard for 70 minutes so far. Kyrgios needs to maintain that for four hours here. That is picture-perfect. Beautifully constructed point from the Spaniard. The problem Kyrgios has in the back of the court is more than it's twofold, threefold. But the big one for me is that he played a good point there. He kept the ball in, he hit it with speed, competed hard, still loses the points. You play that point about as well as you play almost without hitting a cold winner. Yeah, it's the winner off the backhand side says something.

At times, Rafa's backhand is underappreciated. He can create angles off it, stepping in on that side and getting on the front foot. A great return there from Kyrgios, taking it early, cutting the angle off. The chances of him nailing a backhand return at 30 are very low. That's just Rafa keeping him honest for later. Kyrgios is getting the better of the rally, but Rafa is still looking for offense off that forehand. The crowd definitely energizes Kyrgios. It's 30-all in this game, still a massive advantage for Rafa. Another forehand return is coming his way. The slice has gone out of Federer's repertoire on the return against Nadal. If he blocks the forehand back, he'll be in trouble. Nadal overcomes another test, leading 4-1 in the first set.

Nadal has lost only to Federer at Wimbledon. He's looking a bit behind early here. His lefty advantage is evident in his serve game. He's mixing things up, keeping Kyrgios off balance. Kyrgios has unplayable serves at times. Nadal dominates from the back of the court. Kyrgios needs to find some magic to keep Nadal at bay. Kyrgios wins 53% of his second serve points tonight. Nadal's strength from the back of the court is evident. The first serve is crucial for Kyrgios in this set.

Rafa is ruthless and relentless, making it a tough battle for Kyrgios. Kyrgios needs to rely on his first serve to stay in the game. Rafa's forehand is unique and one of the best. The force and rotation he generates are astounding. Kyrgios needs to find a way to counter Rafa's dominance. Rafa leads by five games to three. Kyrgios is trying to think his way through the points but faces a big challenge against Rafa's safe zone into his backhand. An efficient opening set from the world number one. Kyrgios is falling further behind his baseline. Rafa takes the first set.

Kyrgios is finding it hard to win from the back of the court. Rafa's elevation on the ball is impressive tonight. He's goading Kyrgios into errors.

Don't underestimate how big that point was. He will not want to be down a break early in the second against the way Rafael Nadal is rampaging. He's missed three serves down the tee on the outside. Unbelievable exchange. Well, let's forget about the one between the legs here because this is taking a big risk from Kyrgios. Right now, he looks like he's not the favorite to win the point. But for the first time for me, Nadal didn't stay on the front foot and go really aggressively. He played a tiny bit passively, and finally, Kyrgios was the one that used his forehand. It was brilliant from Nadal. I'm not entirely sure what Kyrgios is thinking he's going to achieve with just floating the ball up high. He's just searching for answers right now, not sure exactly what he needs to do. 

Nadal's movement to that forehand was absolutely phenomenal. Is he telling them to stand up in the box? Because they all were jumping up. Well, that's one of his favorite plays against Nadal, that plus-one drop shot, and he created the space by finally finding a first serve. This opening game of the second set is taking on huge significance. Kyrgios will be happy with that freebie there. I think from Nadal's standpoint, even if he loses this game right now, he'll be happy with this game in general. It's like he's throwing body shots at Kyrgios, and this is going to take a toll as the set goes on. 

His appetite for the fight is just all-consuming, voracious, isn't it? To Kyrgios' credit here, he's fighting hard from the back of the court and winning half the points in this game from the back. How long can he do that for? He has to serve at that 75% odd percent, you'd think. Not sure about the drop shot from Nadal, whether he needs to use it more. I mean, he's the out-and-out favorite every time he gets the serve back. 

As well as Kyrgios is playing from the back of the court here, I'm not sure why you complicate things. Maybe he thought he was just so deep and he wanted to mix it up, but it seems the percentages are so much with him if he just plays a regular backcourt point. The thing that's impressive to me here is we see this so often from the top players. Nadal just unwilling to give in in this game. He's going to stay out here for as long as it takes to try and get this break. 

And again, he knows he's making Kyrgios work. Fitness trainer in the glasses standing up trying to give him some support there. Advantage Kyrgios. That was an extremely well-executed drop shot that time. Nadal still getting there, but this one put him in a tough position. Kyrgios going to try and come in here as he looks like he's crowding the baseline a little bit. Hitting that backhand well tonight, isn't he? I mean, the winners and the heaviness creating angle, doing everything right on that wing. 

Correction, he'll be just that his backhand actually can be quicker than his forehand out here if he needs it to be. Curious is challenging the call right near the line. The ball scored in, but he's desperate for points against the serve. Well, I don't think I expected that to be in. Nick wasn't sure, didn't even know where the ball had landed. So a bit of a break for him. You just have to love the response, just comes back, drops an ace. 

I think psychologically, Nadal would have been pretty disappointed there to get that call if it was touching the line, so they would have had to replay the point. So he just blocks it out, gets on with the business. We talk a lot about trying to find the backhand off the serve, you feel as though you're going to get a little bit more chance because when he has the forehand play. Not only is it a bit quicker than his backhand, but he spreads the play. 

You watch his tennis and you'll see him spread the play with his forehand, open space back behind the opponent. His backhand, 85% of the time, he'll go crosscourt with his plus-one shot. But trying to find that backhand to get a jump on him, it's definitely easier said than done. Great serving in that game from Nadal. And again, look at that, a bit of space between the two of them. Drops one down the tee. 

Your point now in the previous game when Kyrgios had to work so hard, I think it's telling right now. He has to start again and do the same thing at the same level to hold again. And time and time again, that's the mental effort you're talking about. Just starts to drain you after a period of time fighting through every service game. Kyrgios will be hoping that he can drop some bombs here and get through an easy game. A good change-up off the first serve. I like that play off the first serve. I don't like it much off the second serve. 

And this is just what the doctor ordered for Kyrgios. Precise, calm as you like from Nadal. Not often I see a fellow commentator start applauding in the box. You were way better than me. I appreciate that shot, that was a great shot. Despite the 40-love lead, Nadal will continue to make him work. He's going to try and get this back to deuce. He's not going to give in here. Well, he's got away with that a number of times, that plus-one drop shot. We were looking for it, he's introduced it more in this second set and had considerable success. Kyrgios to the party bunker. What are we going to have to find something for it? 

You got to give it to Kyrgios here. Early in the second, he's hung in there. Looked like he was hanging in by a thread actually in the first game, but he's got ahead 2-1 and he's competing here. Nadal really pushing the time clock there, toss the ball up with one second left on the time clock. Almost be surprised if he didn't get a time violation at some point. Okay, the first inch of daylight for Kyrgios now. We haven't seen Nadal miss an easy one like that. Sometimes you need some help from the other guy, a couple of unforced errors in this game. 

But you've got to admit, Kyrgios played a pretty amazing point there. He kept the ball in, he hasn't made any errors here this game. Did everything he could to put pressure on Nadal, but it was just heavy hitting. And there's the backhand that opens up the court, and that's not an easy forehand for most mortals down the line over the high part of the net under a bit of pressure. What a point. Somebody just before Nadal hit that serve said, "Come on," from the crowd, and I think Kyrgios got the one he's going to have to say something here. And Kyrgios wisely using the crowd to his advantage, knows the crowd's behind him here. Bright point for the Australian. 

He's made it on the right baseline, and the Australian fans erupt in celebration. What a breakthrough for Kyrgios. Well, I'll tell you, four games ago, I didn't really see that happening. He's competed well, hasn't he, to really make a mini turnaround here and a significant one. He really dug deep this game. Nadal gave him a couple of free points during this game which opened the door, but the points that they did contest, Kyrgios just refused to make an error. One of the many paradoxes about Kyrgios is that he's turned an art form of serving big but not returning well into massive entertainment for fans around the world. His numbers compare with the likes of Riley Opelka and John Isner when people talk about how their games are seen. He wins just 13.3% of his return games and he's right down there with the likes of Isner and Opelka. But where he is different is when he has a break point, he's exactly the same in terms of converting as Nadal, Isner, and Opelka are way down the.

They're at 28%. Kyrgios turns it on, part of his charm, trying to out-bluff him with the underarm serve. What a turnaround! Kyrgios, the charismatic Australian, up 4-1 in the second. He looks so good tonight to me. Nadal finds himself down 4-1 in the second set, but Kyrgios has had to play an amazing standard to get to this level. In Nadal's camp, just keep doing what you do best. The K show suddenly in full flow. Nadal with an impressive shot right there. Nadal quick enough to catch up to it. When Kyrgios gets down on his opponent's serve, he gives away games very quickly. Nadal will fight and make you work until you finalize that service game. Impressive play right there. Nadal getting that down at his feet, but Nick up to the task on the half volley. Playing some amazing tennis. Definitely feeding off the energy. A bit of a momentum shifter. That double fault will change that. Abundance of riches on display tonight by both players. Serving at his immaculate best right now. Don't be surprised to see him drop these next two points quickly. Players feel the most pressure trying to close sets or matches out. First point or two here really big in the context of this whole match. Set point and again he sends Nadal the wrong way. Set a piece here. Nick is leading his army of believers. A lot of intelligence and thought that goes into his tennis. Those are some great numbers. Nadal a little bit more off balance. That's a tendency for Kyrgios. Never afraid to be different, the rebel, the maverick out there on the court. Nadal seeking his second Australian Open title. A hugely competitive match. Rafa going hard body with the lefty slice. Nick completely caught off guard. Please keep the adverse comments to yourself. No need to change that strategy. We know how good a front runner Nadal is. Nick's numbers in terms of matches turned around when he's dropped the opening set. A different mentality, a different energy to these kind of matches. Not enough on the approach. Rafa read it. A set all with Rafa playing out there having won the opening set. He's hitting some incredible shots here. Continuing to maintain his consistency. The big three may be better tennis players.

Simply, Rafael Nadal has been more effective than the rest of the next generation players, as Alexander Zverev mentioned before this year's Australian Open. Nick Kyrgios has been doing well by taking advantage of his opponent's mistakes. Nadal has been capitalizing on Kyrgios' errors, showing great positioning and finishing skills. Kyrgios, on the other hand, has been impressive with his focus, concentration, and unwillingness to give away points easily.

Kyrgios has been praised for his tactical abilities and his knack for recognizing his opponent's weaknesses. He has been described as someone who can change the dynamics of the game unexpectedly, keeping his opponents on their toes. Despite Nadal leading in the match, Kyrgios has been competitive and has forced his way into the contest with his strategic play.

The match has been intense, with both players showing their strengths and weaknesses. Kyrgios has been challenging Nadal and making him work harder to secure points. Nadal, on the other hand, has been maintaining his focus and composure, showing why he is considered one of the best in the game.

As the match progresses, the commentators discuss the players' different playing styles and mental approaches. Kyrgios is known for his unpredictable moves, while Nadal is praised for his consistency and fighting spirit. The match continues with both players giving their best on the court, showcasing the cutthroat nature of professional tennis at its finest.

Off it. Missed it slightly. Patience is an action, and Nadal has been patient, waiting for his chance. Well, juice. Enigmatic tennis continues. Is there anyone in the stadium who thought he was going to hit that shot? Not here. But that's what makes it a great shot. The unpredictability as a player being unpredictable is a good thing as long as you're executing. A high forehand in the middle of the court. As complicated as he's made this game, he uncomplicates things with a 218 down the tee on the line. Nobody has a response to that. Well, that was an adventure for Gim. Big moment for me. I mean, he put a little bit of anger in the tank of Nadal, as you said, Mark. He didn't need to do it, but he withstood the anger.

Well, love. Pet, you said that you still felt Nadal is the favorite. Is it turning? I feel it. Yeah, I think you feel it, Fitz. I do. Pet isn't a believer yet. CL fall. He had to make that 15 all. The thing for me with Kyrgios is that despite the fact that he hasn't been to a final or won a Grand Slam, is that you just sense that he's capable of closing these kinds of matches out. He's not going to be afraid if he gets an opportunity. He's still playing the toughest competitor in our game. Yeah, there's a long way to go to beat Rafael Nadal, isn't there? From here, exactly. Sometimes I think Kyrgios doesn't give the crowd their money's worth enough. Tonight, they're getting it in spades. Yeah, there are three pretty big smiles in this commentary box. We're loving this. This is good stuff. He's made that. If Rafa was a superhero, I think he'd have laser beams coming out of his eyes. Let's for service.

Juice. You kind of feel Nadal needs to occasionally go back behind Kyrgios a few more times off that ad return. He's going inside to the space, and Kyrgios is reading it. The forehand has faltered a few times tonight in some crucial moments. Advantage Nadal. Kyrgios did an amazing job to open the court there. Backed off on the return, didn't he? Got what he wanted off this ball. Short and low, just hard to get it up and down from there. Yeah, that's a 9 out of 10 in terms of difficulty factor, isn't it? Certainly 8. He's seeing the ball like a football here. Kyrgios' timing right now is as good as I've seen, I think, from him. And we talked about early how Nadal was targeting the forehand. There again, on that point, went right there. But so compact, squared that right in the center of the racket, so clean off the return. Thank you. There's not an inch of this court that these two haven't touched. The width on display tonight, the creativity from the back of the court has been mesmerizing. And all Nadal can do at the moment is try and weather this storm. I haven't seen better tennis than this at this year's Australian Open, that's for sure. Score, the environment just creating, drawing the best from each other right now. Just wiping his hand down. This is hard work being invested here by the world number one. Can he keep Kyrgios at bay? Tremendous game from both players. Everything that's great about this sport on display. 5-4, third games, love.

Just the third double by the Australian. 15. Again, there's the intelligence from Kyrgios. He's had great success with the inside-out forehand, but he's pulled that one inside in, and Nadal, although didn't go completely for the inside-out, was just late getting back. 15-30. It's going to have to settle himself here. Yeah, this is the first time we've seen him in a while now just a little bit out of sorts. Open with that double fault, loose air on that ball. Thing is, he has this cannon that he can erase it with one shot. He's still favorite from 15-30. I mean, comfortable favorite, I think. At 40-30. He looks to be on a mission here, doesn't he, but this third set is telling, no matter what context you look at it in here. If Rafa wins this set, the whole thing could turn on its head. He might win the fourth easily. If Nick wins it, he probably becomes favorite, does he? I think they both understand and recognize the significance of this third set. Two sets to one lead either way is going to be enormous for the player who can close this set out.

Oh my goodness, every point so valuable, and that one going Nadal's way in the end, but boy, wasn't he fortunate, fortunate and skilled. Well done on this volley right here. Well, I'm not sure that wasn't an out ball. What I noticed there is what Mark talked to earlier, that Rafa is continuously right now playing to the open court, and Nick broke so early for this ball, and then just went for a little bit of a slap shot. Rafa just couldn't control. But I think Mark said it a while back, and he continues to play open court tennis, go behind him more. Come on, that forehand was reminiscent of the one, wasn't it, which Rafa wasn't happy about. I'm not sure you want to try this too often. Whoa, there might have been some frame in that. Will it be the first thing he hasn't hit clean tonight, Mr. Kyrgios is challenging a call on the service line. The ball's in. We saw Fognini earlier this week punching his strings. Oh no, I want to dwell on that. That was beautiful, Mark. P SC line, all right. 30-15, second. 40-15. Kyrgios is challenging on the right. You guys have probably watched a lot more of Kyrgios' matches than I have and called them, but does he or doesn't he change his grunt at times to try and affect the other guy? 100%, Kyrgios has two. He gets elongated, and he also gets delayed. Right there, he gave a delayed grunt well after he made that hit. Game, Nadal, trying to not be distracted by what's going on down the other end at the moment. Ruin the whole. He just ruins the whole flow of the game, man. Like it's not a game. I'm giving 130%, and he can't get long calls right. It's not fun. It's not a game. Sometimes having nothing in your head is the best thing. He kind of created that for himself. 15-love. 15-all. Pap. Did he just miss the easiest one? Have you ever seen anything like it, though, at a point like that, the magnitude of the moment? 15-30. Still serving at 75% first serves in this set. 40-30. He might be the first. He hasn't. Clean tonight, Mr. Kyrgios. How close he was to bringing up a set point there. There was no way out of that. Had it dropped in for Kyrgios, there is now. There's an escape route to the tiebreak. Juice. Possibly missed the easy shot.

In the game, there's a simple forehand hit long, not out of the pressure valve yet. Advantage Kyrgios, a heck of a volley from that position. Just wondering at what point Rafa is going to take one of these returns cross every time this point has been played. He's gone line, and Nick has had a backhand volley. Nick is covering the line very early. There, he went for the fake underarm serve. Kyrgios saw him coming in. Nadal saw the serve and volley on the second ball, him coming forward, and it just made him rush and get a bit tight. Here we go, this is in the balance now. I just feel like there are so many things going on within what's happening in the match right now. A couple of points ago, I thought Rafa did an elongated grunt back at Nick in the middle of one of the points.

Identical scoreline to Wimbledon in their last meeting last year, 6-3 to Nadal, 3-6 to Kyrgios. The second and third sets went to a tiebreaker just like this one. Those are the memories that both these two will be thinking about right now. Mini opportunity with a second serve for Kyrgios on the opening point can work both ways, can't it? After a long service game like that from Kyrgios, a 6-5 to get into the tiebreaker. He's been serving recently, but Nadal has also had a good look at it for a while. Carlos Moya was looking very relaxed. I always think these touch shots under pressure are harder than actually swinging with racket head speed at the ball, but it's just in his natural repertoire, isn't it? And also, didn't buy the crosscourt. Nadal loves to go with a sort of continental grip, flick it crosscourt hard, and Kyrgios was brave enough to stay down the line.

Oh, oh, why Nick? 3-1. It's a good question. Fitz isn't buying it. I just think it's the constant pressure here. A must-hold for Kyrgios, keeping him in the tiebreaker by an easy miss. I just don't know why he needed to break the rhythm. He was 3-1, okay, down a mini-break. So what? He's playing to such a high level. He's been under stress for a good eight minutes, hanging on to his service game. And to be honest, he's been under stress since 4-3. Ever since he did the first underarm serve, he's been working hard, and I think that was just his boiling point.

He's managed to get through that last point by pitch. He's still within striking distance now, 4-2. I mean, to say he doesn't like this game and all of those things, but you look at his schedule again, I just don't buy it. After this, he's going to New York, he's going to Delray, he's going to Acapulco, he's flying back to Australia for Davis Cup, he's going to Indian Wells, Miami. That doesn't sound like a guy that doesn't love this sport and understand this sport inherently. There it was, second service, the one we've talked about, the huge second serve taking a risk. Well, now he's got a chance. Rafa has missed two easy forehands in this tiebreaker back to back, 4-3.

I tell you what, James Keothavong was very generous when he hit the start button on the shot clock. There, I was looking, I thought he might be in a bit of trouble. These are such significant points for Nadal. You knew he was going to take a long time. He's been given it mayhem play. That's all he did, 5-3 Nadal. That ball fell off the strings too. I wonder, maybe it's a long shot and grasping for something to hang on to, but was that a different restring? Maybe not, maybe a bit too tight. Maybe not, but it was a bad miss. He mishit it.

Despite the execution on the previous point, I like the fact that Kyrgios was looking to make something happen, keeping the pressure on Rafa, making him come up with something. By holding the balls to serve, how big is this point? Kyrgios has helped his cause here, missed two easy forehands by his standards. The 11th by the sword, Kyrgios, 6-5. I wish I'd said it, but I had a feeling he was going to go so huge on that point. Well, we're all thinking it because there was always a chance, but 217. He went for MPH, and that might cost him the whole night right there. He went 224 on the first serve, the biggest serve of the night, and you just sensed that he was going to try and go with something really big.

Again, and what's crazy is he didn't miss it long, it was just wide. That double brings up set point for Nadal. That was a baby crying in the stands there, took his attention away. Nadal, what a couple of points. Well, he hesitated because he heard a baby crying, no doubt about it, but the pressure of the moment also created that, and you would expect Rafael Nadal to execute a second serve even with that short break. Wow, drama in the last two points. We've seen four serves, nothing else, two absolutely massive points.

A lifetime of doing the right thing allows you to have the self-belief that you're going to come out on top. His forehand has been a little flaky by his high standards in this breaker, but he saw his opportunity, and how's that for a finish? That was not easy. No, that was awkward, it was a bit high to be easy. The courage to hit that forehand and to follow it and come forward, set point number two. It feels like everything to Rafael Nadal, and understandably so, a two-set lead to Nadal. Can Kyrgios possibly come back from this? Question answered from both guys. Not a bad point from Nick Kyrgios. No error, that swing cannot be much better, the footwork to that ball, the contact point, what a setup to the forehand.

Well, to win a major, you have to be able to play at this level for a long time in several matches, many matches, seven in fact. So two more sets are needed from Kyrgios at that same level we've seen. I think this has been really impressive how he's come out. So often, one or the other of the players after a breaker like that has a drop-off in level. I know that players that serve as big as this, Brad, they get a lot of free points, they don't have to be as fit probably as someone who plays like Nadal, but I'm surprised with Kyrgios' stamina here, especially after his previous five-setter game. I wasn't sure he'd be able to last like this. First game, 4-0. Yeah, I think all of us felt that coming into the match, the question we talked about early on was going to see how Nick had survived and recovered from that match, but we haven't seen any signs of difficulty in movement or fatigue. It's been explosive out there. Oh, water, I think it's as well as I've ever seen anyone move two days after that five-setter, 4 hours 20 minutes.

We've talked about how big the serve is, that's one of the things when you lose your legs a little bit, you tend to start to drop off on the execution on serve, he's still serving unbelievably, 76% overall for the match. He didn't lift that as much as he was intending to, but it may well lift his spirits. You hear Nick saying, "How is he hitting that?" He's been hitting it for a couple of decades. I just find also a comment like that can buoy your opposition. It's sort of a little bit of an excuse for Rafa to puff his chest out and say, "Yeah, he's feeling it, I'm hitting the ball heavy," sort of inspires him a little bit. Telling the opposition how well they're playing.

An old coach of mine, who coached a player you'll know, Fitz Eric Van Dillan, used to say that telling me how good he's playing is aiding and abetting the enemy. Is that what you mean? Or how bad you're playing? "I can't hit a backhand, and I love it," game Nadal. One game all. Nick just flexing his left leg there. At 2 hours and 43 minutes into the match, this fourth set, if we go on to a fifth set, we'll start to see how much that match really affected Nick the other night. Right now, the ref is wishing this was best of seven sets for service. Oh, off. Is there some fraying around the edges? Love the team from Nick. Maybe that's a bit early to tell, but a strange approach there, I thought. It's a little tiny bit early to prognosticate right here, but you do sense that he's dropped off just a tiny bit of the energy. That's a bad sign. That is a bad sign. Love that. That missed by a long way. Up the other end of the court, there is a player who is just applying himself consistently point by point to the process. 

Mr. Kyrgios is challenging the call on the left near sideline. The ball is out. 34% only of his second serve points won tonight. He was above 50% coming in here. The percent swing to Nadal on this point now significant, and he wasn't going to let that opportunity pass by. One of the most telling things you can watch during a match is the movement of a player in between points. Nick has become very, very slow here, just not that same sense of urgency that the scoreline created for him in the last set. No normal break points. You feel like the writing's on the wall. That third set was everything. It wouldn't have been if Nadal had dropped it, but for Kyrgios, it seems as though there is no way back now. Leads by two games to one. Just a little bit of movement from Kyrgios there. 

I think trying to push himself to fight, looking like he wants to be there, but those errors are going to weigh heavily on him. You have to admire Nadal, don't you? You cannot be a tennis fan and not admire this guy. The intensity that he maintains over long periods of time is just as good as the game's ever seen. It's a total misconception about his style of play as well. We often get so bogged down looking at one person's superior quality that we forget about the sum total of everything. His second serve, which is the best ever in terms of career points won, and also he's just a mere five points behind Kyrgios in terms of ventures to the net tonight. He's more than happy to get up there and finish points. 

Nadal, another scorching winner that illuminates the nighttime sky, and Nadal is on his way to the quarterfinals, leads by three games to one. There's three games to go, but I hear you, Mark, and I just wonder if Nick does go away a little bit in this fourth set, and if it is one-sided, the question for me would be, what if he had won that third? Could he have maintained it at a higher level in the fourth compared to what's happening right now? Because it's been a sudden drop, but it's there, isn't it? "If" is the biggest word in the English language. Is it? Love te. It's almost as big as prognosticate. It certainly has bigger connotations. 

If Nick had made that second serve at five in the breaker down the te at 21-17 for an ace, would we have been singing his praises for his courage? I don't know if you'd call it courage. I think you might call it risk-taking. Risk for a reward maybe, but he certainly lives and dies by it, doesn't he? He's competing still, no matter what the result. That, for me, I admire the most. If he can continue to compete here to the line, that will stand him in good stead for the next Grand Slam he plays in. It's not beyond the realms of possibility that if he hangs on, he could get back into this. But he certainly dropped off in the first couple of games of this fourth. As long as he keeps this within one break, he's got a shot, which he does effectively with a hold of serve and a little glance down. There's still life in this match. Leads by three games to two, Nadal fourth. 

Just going to extract a little bit more from those legs of my opponent. Got there in plenty of time, just pushed that way too deep, had no underspin on the ball, so it continued through the court, and Rafa was there so easily. Confirming it was out. A classic point. He just kept Kyrgios moving and was behind the baseline, maneuvering him from side to side, putting work in on those legs. He knows that there's a cumulative effect of what he's done so far through this match. Kyrgios getting a little looser with his shot selection and the way he's approaching hitting those shots, slapping the ball a bit. 

The previous point, he did so much work. He was actually in a decent position to make a good forehand there, and he chooses to slap it 10 feet long. He went behind him twice, like you guys have selected in the one rally. Kyrgios continuing to add some entertainment value. He came down hard there. You can hear that thump. How good was the volley? I mean, the whole point, it was so well-crafted from Nadal. He knows he's got his opponent. As we see the dive from Kyrgios right onto his hip there. Let's have another listen to this. Oh, came down square on his hip there. It is that cross return you were talking about, Brad. The end is nigh here. The train is just gaining momentum for Nadal. Every point huge right now for Kyrgios, both physically and mentally. As he makes unforced errors or Rafa wins the points outright, you can see it just plays on his mind a little bit more at this point in the match. Still got that capability, though. 

That's the technique, isn't it? That's what Pete Sampras had. He could serve like that for four and a half hours easily. First serves at that pace, beautiful technique. Kyrgios has what we like to call a live arm. That's been a play that's worked very nicely for him. Return into the forehand, get his feet up the court on the baseline, takes his backhand three-quarter angle out wide to Kyrgios and creates space for him. Kyrgios needs to dial up another first serve here, and he does. It's wide. So dangerous, isn't it? A player like this who has flair and ability outside of his service games but can serve like this for a long period of time is always dangerous. There's been a lot about his performance tonight that made me think about his 2017 segment of the year in Acapulco where he beat Djokovic. He was bombing second serves on those occasions there but saving break points against the world number two. Lost to Querrey in the final there, beat Djokovic again in Indian Wells, another stunning performance, and then that one against Federer, of course, where he lost in the tiebreak. Three tiebreak sets in Miami. That was the time where we kind of felt he had arrived and things are gelling, but that hasn't always been the case subsequent to that. 

I think it's wanting to compete every day that will, it's a habit for Kyrgios. If Nick does that, he will be a much better player. There's still a pulse in this contest, no question about it. Now, can Kyrgios figure out a way to break back? We know how good Nadal is. We still don't know how good Nick Kyrgios is. We don't know. For me, the thing that has made me smile more than anything about this is how he has competed. We'll start to understand how good he is if he does that consistently. Talk about tennis players, tough. Ashton Eaton, the gold medalist in Rio, a decathlete, one of the world's best, said tennis players, he said in tennis as a sport, is the second toughest sport in the world after his own, of course. But that was high PR.

Applause. He has 10 disciplines to think about, Nick just his own. We can't talk about it enough how Rafa continues to stay there, execute, put the pressure, and rarely ever miss. Another aspect of his game that's underrated. This camp was excited when they've seen this movie before. They've seen him come through tougher battles than this and come out on top in finals of these Majors. This was a test, make no mistake about it. This match was in the balance for a long time, Mark, wasn't it? Kyrgios has the kind of game that is so erratic and yet so powerful that it throws the big players off their rhythm, and that's something they like to do. The third set was some of the best tennis that you could have possibly imagined, and yet it still wasn't good enough for Kyrgios to come out on top. That's the bar that these big three set. I do think with Nick, like you're talking about Fitz, if you look generationally, every generation has had a guy that's been a little bit of the bad guy, the guy that did things a little differently. Is that a direct underachieving that sometimes but at the same time, you have Nastase back in his day, Connors was a bit of an edgy guy, obviously Johnny Mac, but they never gave in on a point, never. That's the difference. You watch Nadal there after what is that now, 3 hours and 10 minutes. You watch his movement off the ball. If we get a chance to see it, he flicks that one on, he has a look down, look at him move, and then he's able to take it inside the baseline, took away the time for Kyrgios to recover. His algorithm is still very lively. Nadal starting to measure him for the coffin. Lovely delivery there from Kyrgios, off pace, short-angled, still enough life in those legs to do that. It's just about to visit the Last Chance Saloon. Kyrgios. Nadal will come out and serve for the match. Thank you, they deserve it. We talk about a game of centimeters, don't we? Nick's ball caught the line by centimeters there probably, and Rafa has missed it by one. And then the crowd gets involved, and we talk time and time again about how important these first points in the game are, creating momentum, creating hope. That backhand could have easily gone into the net there. There was underslice on the Kyrgios chip. And when you underslice under the ball here like this, the spin will take the ball down into the net. So Rafa there opened the face just that little bit more. He can, I don't know if he can, but if he competes like this, there's always a chance. He's been helped by a few missed serves in this game. He could do with another one. Scarcely credible. Twice tonight, he served a double fault on a big moment. Nadal, when he was serving for the third in the breaker, he recovered. Can he do so again? We just don't expect to see Rafa being the one who blinks. Ready for play. Let's first service. So, 14. Nick choosing to just push that back and gave Rafa all the time to run around. Thank you, please. And in doing so, lost a little bit of control of his own destiny. Still has break point though. Unbelievable scenes here in Melbourne. And having kept the deficit to just one game, Kyrgios finds a way back into the contest. Nadal's first serve just left the arena. He has an uncanny ability to hit good shots on big moments, doesn't he? How good was that last forehand? Love the continuing to go to that play, slider wide, look for the backhand volley. Rafa just floating that return up. So hard to control that from up there, Fitz. How do you feel about his competing now after that last game? No, he's got me tonight. Love 1. We mentioned it much earlier in the match, but for a while now, Rafa has been doing a much better job of playing behind Nick, trying to go behind him again there. From our vantage point, we could see the line wide open, thought he was going there. Mr. Kyrgios is challenging a call on the left baseline. How's this a responsible grab, though? Doesn't drop his head for one second, does he? I know he, in his own mind, thinks, well, why would you? But it's simple in his world. He's a mental giant when he competes. And there's nobody better in the game at breaking back. More challenges remaining. As you Americans like to call it, the re-bree. It looks like it's coming. Kyrgios getting the benefit from serving and volleying. Must have caught Nadal's eye to see whether the Australian was on his way in there. He wasn't. Flat wide. We know it's going to be big. Extraordinary scenes. The Australians in the crowd upstanding and euphoric. Edge of your seat stuff here. Can you imagine what's going to happen if this goes to five? Thank you. Advantage to us. An extraordinary effort from Nick. They look down and out. Nadal fails to serve it out, and Kyrgios leads 6-5 in the fourth. Ready for play. 15-love. I bet he would have paid a bit of money actually to have two first serves like that in the two games ago. Brad, serve deserted him then, two good ones here. What did you say? Serving out a match was difficult even for the best. 14-15 game. Nadal, heck of a response from the number one after the previous service game. Each player receives an additional challenge. Exactly the same scoreline as we had in one last year. Nadal hoping for the same outcome. He won the fourth breaker there. Let's first service. Nadal, and the hits keep on coming for Kyrgios. But he's done such a good job tonight of regrouping. One that could have got ugly for Nick Kyrgios there, couldn't it? Federer catches that on the frame. He went for broke, but he was given the opportunity. Nadal, he really found his serve again through that last game and now into the breaker. Two. Challenging the call on the right near sideline. The ball scored in. Oh, there's a sense in the commentary box that that is wide. This is such a huge shot from Kyrgios. He was working Nadal over here. And it is 3-2. Kyrgios. Nadal has three challenges remaining. Again, just impressed with how hard Nick has been working to find his forehand. Thank you. Read it. Just couldn't find it. Three. So close but yet potentially so far. The essence of sport is the uncertainty, and we've certainly had that tonight. We knew it was going to be a blockbuster. We were unsure of so many factors though. But as this match has unfolded, it has kept delivering, as has Nadal on the last couple of points with his serve. He needs that to continue. What a transformation on that shot compared to when he tried to serve out the match at 5-4 in the set. A couple of significantly faster serves in this tiebreaker than his average for the match, that one coming in at 193. Can Kyrgios respond? Calamitous. Well, he's won points on that shot on big points because he's caught Nadal by surprise. But it is not easy to take the pace off a ball when it's tight and your nerves are afraid. He blows it that time, down a mini-break. Well, this is outstanding. Boy, have we been entertained, all of us. And those forehands just beg the question, why play the drop shot on the point before when you've got a weapon like that in your arsenal? You're inside the baseline, the ball's shoulder height, he could have crushed that forehand anywhere. But that's Nick Kyrgios. This match, as it was at 5-4 in the fourth, back on the Aussie's racket. Two good service points will see him through to the quarterfinals. 6-4, Nadal. Thank you. Two match points. Sets to one. What a night for Nadal, the victor. But Kyrgios can hold his head up high. He came to fight, arguably the toughest competitor.

Sports have ever seen. He was second best against the world's best.